Hashes	sum.taxonomy
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_118	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_488	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_747	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_341	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Pseudobiotus;Pseudobiotus sp. SHR-2005
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_53	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_164	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_25	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_182	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;Philodinida;Philodinidae;Philodina;Philodina citrina
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_400	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;NA;NA;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_698	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;NA;NA;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_614	Eukaryota;Porifera;Homoscleromorpha;Homosclerophorida;Plakinidae;Plakina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_471	Eukaryota;Porifera;Homoscleromorpha;Homosclerophorida;Plakinidae;Oscarella;Oscarella microlobata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_215	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Verongiida;Aplysinidae;Aplysina;Aplysina cauliformis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_711	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Verongiida;Aplysinidae;Aplysina;Aplysina cauliformis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_272	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_550	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_543	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tethyida;Tethyidae;Tethya;Tethya sp. XMU02001079
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_602	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tethyida;Tethyidae;Tethya;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_565	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Latrunculiidae;Negombata;Negombata magnifica
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_717	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Latrunculiidae;Negombata;Negombata magnifica
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_587	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Iotrochotidae;Iotrochota;Iotrochota birotulata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_674	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Iotrochotidae;Iotrochota;Iotrochota birotulata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_542	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_680	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_696	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Axinellidae;Ptilocaulis;Ptilocaulis walpersi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_737	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Axinellidae;Axinella;Axinella corrugata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_113	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_121	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_454	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_544	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_586	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_613	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_617	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_653	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_689	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_690	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_625	Eukaryota;Porifera;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_715	Eukaryota;Nemertea;Palaeonemertea;;Cephalothricidae;Cephalothrix;Cephalothrix rufifrons
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_703	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Succineidae;Succinea;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_9	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Otala;Otala sp. OT1
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_7	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_8	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_704	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Agriolimacidae;Deroceras;Deroceras laeve
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_662	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;NA;Peltospiridae;Peltospira;Peltospira delicata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_353	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Littorinimorpha;Vermetidae;Dendropoma;Dendropoma corrodens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_456	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Lepetellida;Haliotidae;Haliotis;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_329	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_726	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Cryptoglena;Cryptoglena skujai
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_605	Eukaryota;Echinodermata;Ophiuroidea;Ophiurida;Ophiactidae;Ophiactis;Ophiactis lymani
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_724	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Scyphozoa;Semaeostomeae;Pelagiidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_732	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Anthozoa;Actiniaria;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_170	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Sciuridae;Tamias;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_593	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Sciuridae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_514	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Heteromyidae;Dipodomys;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_168	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Heteromyidae;Dipodomys;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_364	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Heteromyidae;Chaetodipus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_152	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Geomyidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_498	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Cricetidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_452	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_250	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_39	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_44	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_72	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_85	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_96	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_97	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_117	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_177	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_223	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_305	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_306	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_308	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_309	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_310	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_435	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_440	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_441	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_442	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_443	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_444	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_445	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_446	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_447	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_448	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_449	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_450	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_451	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_453	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_454	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_455	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_456	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_457	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_459	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_598	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_639	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_679	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_714	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_26	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_61	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_82	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_115	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_128	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_129	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_137	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_221	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_249	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_269	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_281	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_285	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_292	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_308	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_408	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_449	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_450	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_518	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_639	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_695	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_34	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_334	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Lepus;Lepus europaeus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_92	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Lepus;Lepus europaeus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Lepus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_289	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Cetacea;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Felidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_62	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_266	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_97	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_153	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Bovidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_404	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_424	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_553	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_598	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_160	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_364	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_207	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_233	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_664	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_694	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_163	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_46	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_183	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_707	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_481	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Charadriiformes;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_539	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_136	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_475	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_497	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_25	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_29	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_46	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_54	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_74	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_108	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_142	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_145	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_160	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_161	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_164	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_183	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_185	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_186	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_188	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_202	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_221	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_225	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_235	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_244	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_251	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_261	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_271	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_274	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_277	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_278	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_287	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_290	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_292	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_326	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_340	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_357	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_359	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_360	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_376	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_384	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_393	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_399	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_403	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_411	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_412	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_420	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_421	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_422	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_462	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_463	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_464	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_473	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_474	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_480	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_490	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_491	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_498	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_516	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_527	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_535	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_545	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_551	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_561	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_562	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_563	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_584	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_592	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_593	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_594	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_609	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_637	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_655	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_657	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_658	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_667	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_674	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_681	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_693	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_697	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_709	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_711	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_716	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_3	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_21	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_172	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_181	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_196	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_197	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_231	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_331	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_340	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_391	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_167	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_709	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_13	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Megophryidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_65	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_262	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_324	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_356	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_362	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_377	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_387	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_392	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_604	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_515	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_3	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_8	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_23	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_27	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_42	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_57	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_61	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_668	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_691	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_699	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_559	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Hydrodictyaceae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_643	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_506	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas mexicana
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_633	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas mexicana
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_372	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_710	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_368	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_590	Eukaryota;Bryozoa;Gymnolaemata;Cheilostomatida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_675	Eukaryota;Bryozoa;Gymnolaemata;Cheilostomatida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_422	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Pycnogonida;Pantopoda;Callipallenidae;Callipallene;Callipallene novaezealandiae
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_17	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_273	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_289	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_549	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_550	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_608	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_16	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_307	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_317	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_351	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_407	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_548	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_681	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_176	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_503	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Candonidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_13	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_23	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_65	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_141	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_159	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_199	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_243	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_294	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_297	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_299	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_348	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_361	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_409	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_410	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_413	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_414	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_416	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_483	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_515	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_519	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_520	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_540	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_541	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_548	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_554	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_618	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_620	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_622	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_623	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_624	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_625	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_633	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_635	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_636	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_638	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_661	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_666	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_696	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_83	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_158	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_204	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_222	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_223	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_247	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_309	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_401	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_406	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_459	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_524	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_588	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_687	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_37	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_60	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_114	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_200	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_634	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_710	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_287	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_29	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_156	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus chiragra
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_84	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_222	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_628	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_720	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_721	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_722	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_670	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Xanthidae;Xanthias;Xanthias lamarckii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_82	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus balcanicus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus balcanicus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_201	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus chiragra
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_106	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_139	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_436	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_437	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_438	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_439	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_723	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_124	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_166	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_184	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_245	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_254	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_294	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_157	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_306	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Zygentoma;Lepismatidae;NA;Lepismatidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_629	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Zygentoma;Lepismatidae;NA;Lepismatidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_508	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Thysanoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_466	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Psocidae;Ptycta;Ptycta sp. Ptsp.MY.06.17.2008.02
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_656	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Psocidae;Ptycta;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_430	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Liposcelidae;Liposcelis;Liposcelis bostrychophila
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_591	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Lachesillidae;Lachesilla;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_721	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Caeciliusidae;Valenzuela;Valenzuela kamakurensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_494	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_159	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Stenopelmatidae;Stenopelmatus;Stenopelmatus fuscus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_540	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Acrididae;Marellia;Marellia remipes
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_50	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_205	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_302	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_402	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_430	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_546	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_653	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_675	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_684	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_686	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_698	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_700	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_701	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_683	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_258	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_616	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_175	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_217	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_685	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_712	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_218	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_310	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_31	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_578	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Coenagrionidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_564	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_265	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_313	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_467	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Neuroptera;Coniopterygidae;Coniopteryx;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_399	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Helicoverpa;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_68	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_507	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_392	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nepticulidae;Stigmella;Stigmella roborella
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_557	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Elachistidae;Ethmia;Ethmia eupostica
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_572	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Crambidae;Nomophila;Nomophila noctuella
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_111	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_224	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_367	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_485	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_521	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_538	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_561	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_567	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_608	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_649	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_660	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_672	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Tenthredinidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_706	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Encyrtidae;Homalotylus;Homalotylus mirabilis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_727	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Bethylidae;Epyris;Epyris sp. 2 MC-2010
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_403	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_712	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_746	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_433	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Saldidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_659	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Udeocoris;Udeocoris nigroaeneus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_352	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Ozophora;Ozophora sp. BOLD:ABX1620
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_525	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Ozophora;Ozophora sp. BOLD:ABX1620
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_685	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Psyllidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_744	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Notonectidae;Notonecta;Notonecta chinensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_469	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Taylorilygus;Taylorilygus apicalis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_563	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Polymerus;Polymerus sp. WCW-2003e
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_382	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Phytocoris;Phytocoris becki
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_358	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Phytocoris;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_691	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Keltonia;Keltonia tuckeri
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_142	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Keltonia;Keltonia tuckeri
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_359	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Irbisia;Irbisia panda
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_497	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Europiella;Europiella decolor
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_94	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_415	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_40	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Brooksetta;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_77	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_234	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_255	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_300	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_416	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_697	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Lygaeidae;Nysius;Nysius sp. WCW-2003
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_298	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara sp. YT-2009
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_67	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_318	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_453	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_103	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;NA;Corixidae sp. CW-2009
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_138	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_486	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Coreidae;Anasa;Anasa sp. WCW-2003
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_476	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadidae;Canualna;Canualna liberiana
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_665	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Phlogotettix;Phlogotettix cyclops
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_374	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Macrosteles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_126	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Gunungidia;Gunungidia aurantiifasciata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_589	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Empoasca;Empoasca vitis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_528	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Anatkina;Anatkina zhoui
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_580	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_582	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_253	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;Aphis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_431	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_106	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_173	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_198	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_354	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_458	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_522	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_640	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_720	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aleyrodidae;Bemisia;Bemisia afer
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_169	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_592	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_130	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;Callibaetis ferrugineus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_228	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_461	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Tipula;Tipula abdominalis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_114	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Tipula;Tipula abdominalis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_370	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tachinidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_324	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Eristalinus;Eristalinus punctulatus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_468	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Sciara;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_632	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Bradysia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Bradysia;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_301	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_706	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_60	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_363	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_428	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_429	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_529	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_556	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_657	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_667	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sarcophagidae;Peckia;Peckia uncinata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_452	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_510	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_326	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Phoridae;Megaselia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_133	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;NA;NA;Diptera sp. 74 LC-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_455	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Mycetophilidae;Gnoriste;Gnoriste bilineata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_611	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Mycetophilidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_161	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_178	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_259	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_402	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_214	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_393	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_493	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_526	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_135	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_349	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_377	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_105	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_48	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_332	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_42	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Empididae;Clinocera;Clinocera sp. Pollet 0249
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_654	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Drosophilidae;Drosophila;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Sympycnus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_212	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_628	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_671	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_412	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_623	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Chrysotus;Chrysotus pulchellus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Campsicnemus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_596	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Campsicnemus;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_218	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_81	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_148	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_648	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;Teleopsis nr. discrepans A MS-2015
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_665	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;Teleopsis nr. discrepans A MS-2015
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_55	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_214	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_275	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_476	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_560	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_645	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_687	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_695	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_708	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_37	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_470	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_95	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_356	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;Anopheles homunculus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_64	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_257	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_588	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_27	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_112	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_187	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_303	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_376	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_54	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_134	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_76	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_92	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_215	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_293	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_423	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_578	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_579	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_586	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_659	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_660	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_677	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_704	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_707	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_90	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_116	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_362	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_25	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_574	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_678	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_22	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_87	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_536	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_545	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_575	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_45	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_680	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_32	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_49	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_296	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_610	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Diamesa;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_20	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_66	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_71	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_81	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_91	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_101	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_104	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_133	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_134	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_168	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_219	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_224	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_258	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_284	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_311	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_318	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_342	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_425	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_427	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_428	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_434	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_649	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_669	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_672	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_705	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_66	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_102	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_232	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_238	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_283	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_348	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_441	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_20	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_32	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_56	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_3	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_26	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_27	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_36	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_62	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_79	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_109	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_112	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_113	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_127	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_128	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_135	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_138	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_143	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_152	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_155	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_158	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_172	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_173	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_190	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_191	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_210	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_211	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_212	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_213	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_247	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_252	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_256	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_276	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_279	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_281	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_286	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_288	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_291	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_300	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_325	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_339	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_346	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_347	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_358	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_363	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_365	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_375	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_378	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_379	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_380	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_383	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_385	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_388	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_391	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_394	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_395	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_400	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_401	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_404	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_405	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_406	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_407	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_418	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_429	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_433	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_469	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_479	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_484	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_499	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_505	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_510	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_511	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_525	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_533	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_553	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_573	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_581	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_587	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_591	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_597	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_600	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_601	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_602	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_605	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_606	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_607	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_611	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_612	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_613	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_614	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_615	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_616	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_630	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_643	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_644	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_648	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_664	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_673	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_690	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_692	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_699	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_702	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_19	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_36	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_64	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_72	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_235	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_386	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_396	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_21	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_35	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_62	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_41	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cardiocladius;Cardiocladius sp. MNK-2008
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_21	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_43	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_53	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_57	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_59	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_75	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_83	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_90	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_100	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_103	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_111	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_126	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_129	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_136	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_156	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_157	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_170	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_171	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_193	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_194	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_195	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_196	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_197	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_203	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_207	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_229	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_231	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_232	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_233	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_238	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_246	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_249	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_254	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_259	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_260	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_264	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_268	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_282	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_283	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_315	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_316	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_317	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_332	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_335	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_338	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_341	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_345	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_350	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_354	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_367	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_368	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_371	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_372	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_381	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_386	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_390	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_398	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_424	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_468	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_470	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_482	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_485	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_507	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_508	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_509	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_512	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_521	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_522	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_523	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_531	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_532	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_538	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_542	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_544	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_552	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_558	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_559	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_565	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_566	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_567	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_570	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_571	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_575	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_576	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_580	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_599	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_617	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_631	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_646	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_647	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_656	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_662	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_671	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_694	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_31	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_56	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_63	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_86	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_108	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_122	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_123	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_144	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_175	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_239	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_262	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_268	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_273	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_277	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_304	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_343	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_347	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_378	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_435	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_26	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_3	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_531	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sp. LJH-2002
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sonorensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_43	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sonorensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_260	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides oxystoma
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_624	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides arakawae
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_95	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_96	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_151	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_261	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_275	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_509	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_533	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_579	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_458	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;Dasineura;Dasineura mali
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_119	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;Dasineura;Dasineura mali
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_627	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_716	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Asilidae;Stenopogon;Stenopogon martini
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;Liriomyza;Liriomyza sativae
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_569	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;Liriomyza;Liriomyza sativae
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_79	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;Liriomyza;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_513	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;Liriomyza;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_80	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_137	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_198	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_272	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_295	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_374	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_382	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_396	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_547	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_557	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_568	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_577	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_663	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_35	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_39	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_50	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_59	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_74	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_78	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_84	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_94	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_99	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_100	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_105	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_140	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_141	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_165	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_174	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_177	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_202	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_217	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_240	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_246	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_251	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_312	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_383	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_405	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_426	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_427	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_438	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_463	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_483	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_489	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_502	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_537	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_551	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_564	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_566	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_577	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_594	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_597	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_606	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_622	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_632	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_634	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_636	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_686	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_715	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Zopheridae;Verodes;Verodes exsculptus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_641	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Tenebrionidae;Pimelia;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_451	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Tenebrionidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_555	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Aphodius;Aphodius fimetarius
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_626	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_511	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Meloidae;Cerocoma;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_562	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydrophilidae;Tropisternus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_638	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydrophilidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_719	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydraenidae;Ochthebius;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_389	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Limbodessus;Limbodessus bigbellensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_253	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_98	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_295	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Ilybius;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_480	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;Hygrotus turbidus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_116	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_236	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hydroporus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_104	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_327	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_663	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;Agabus disintegratus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_67	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_543	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_596	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_33	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_143	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_145	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_150	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_163	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_179	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_192	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_195	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_264	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_274	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_278	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_328	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_345	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_350	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_373	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_388	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_418	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_420	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_421	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_425	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_432	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_434	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_439	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_447	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_448	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_460	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_464	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_473	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_474	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_477	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_478	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_505	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_532	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_576	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_595	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_601	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_607	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_661	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_123	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_285	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_493	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_494	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_506	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_524	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_555	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_556	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_582	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_583	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_13	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_34	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_41	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_71	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_75	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_85	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_110	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_146	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_191	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_206	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_210	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_219	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_225	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_256	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_279	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_282	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_297	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_322	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_330	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_333	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_334	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_335	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_346	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_357	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_365	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_369	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_371	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_375	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_380	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_395	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_398	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_409	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_411	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_423	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_431	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_445	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_457	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_461	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_462	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_472	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_475	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_484	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_499	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_500	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_514	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_517	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_527	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_530	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_535	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_558	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_573	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_603	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_630	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_658	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_296	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Curculionidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Trirhabda;Trirhabda virgata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_666	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_109	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_131	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_286	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_299	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_366	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_581	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_169	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_206	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_389	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_688	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_370	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_479	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_547	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_731	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_673	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Blattodea;Kalotermitidae;Incisitermes;Incisitermes minor
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_166	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_280	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_369	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_595	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_642	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_713	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_91	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_190	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_227	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_252	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_270	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_302	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_379	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_444	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_612	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_676	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Pygophora;Lithoglyptidae;Balanodytes;Balanodytes sp. ACRO_sp_119
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_718	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Diplopoda;Spirobolida;Pachybolidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_730	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Symphypleona;Katiannidae;Sminthurinus;Sminthurinus bimaculatus
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_78	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_55	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_239	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_20	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_69	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_188	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_205	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_360	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_584	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_729	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_266	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_739	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_546	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_723	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Isotomidae;Cryptopygus;Cryptopygus sverdrupi
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_60	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_504	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_569	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_29	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_200	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_226	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_301	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_541	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_585	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_609	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_651	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_316	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Chilopoda;Lithobiomorpha;Henicopidae;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_165	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_419	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_530	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_629	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_650	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_651	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_652	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_654	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_22	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_426	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_668	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_18	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_284	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_298	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Chydoridae;Alona;Alona setulosa
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_18	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_31	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_32	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_42	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_49	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_63	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_68	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_69	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_73	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_86	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_98	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_102	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_107	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_110	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_115	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_119	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_121	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_122	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_124	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_132	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_140	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_146	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_147	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_148	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_150	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_151	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_153	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_154	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_178	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_179	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_180	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_181	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_182	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_187	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_189	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_204	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_226	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_227	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_228	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_236	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_237	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_240	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_241	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_242	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_245	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_250	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_263	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_267	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_312	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_313	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_314	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_322	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_323	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_327	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_328	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_329	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_330	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_331	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_333	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_336	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_337	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_343	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_349	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_352	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_353	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_355	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_466	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_467	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_477	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_478	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_481	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_486	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_487	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_488	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_489	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_495	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_500	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_502	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_503	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_513	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_517	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_518	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_526	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_529	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_537	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_539	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_603	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_717	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_2	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_125	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_139	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_176	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_185	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_203	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_211	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_229	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_243	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_244	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_263	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_276	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_293	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_311	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_325	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_339	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_361	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_384	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_415	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_440	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_718	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_719	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_23	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_186	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_714	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_2	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_6	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_19	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_54	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_19	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_269	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_689	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_17	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_18	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_61	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_131	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_184	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_270	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_321	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_351	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_528	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_676	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_44	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_73	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_242	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_385	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_512	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_516	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_16	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_305	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ologamasidae;Stylochyrus;Stylochyrus rarior
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_414	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ologamasidae;Stylochyrus;Stylochyrus rarior
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_355	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Theridiidae;Wamba;Wamba crispulus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_736	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Theridiidae;Steatoda;Steatoda cingulata
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_735	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Theridiidae;Coleosoma;Coleosoma acutiventer
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_491	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;Sassacus;Sassacus vitis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_642	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_652	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Philodromidae;Titanebo;Titanebo mexicanus
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_679	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;;;
forward_vp2_Metazoa_16s_590	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_57	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_193	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_390	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_442	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_501	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Metazoa_16s_64	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_2	Eukaryota;;;Cercomonadida;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_465	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_568	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_600	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_678	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_6	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_728	Bacteria;Gemmatimonadetes;Gemmatimonadetes;Gemmatimonadales;Gemmatimonadaceae;Gemmatirosa;Gemmatirosa kalamazoonesis
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_599	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Ardenticatenia;Ardenticatenales;Ardenticatenaceae;Candidatus Promineofilum;Candidatus Promineofilum breve
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_618	Bacteria;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Metazoa_16s_745	Archaea;Crenarchaeota;Thermoprotei;Desulfurococcales;Desulfurococcaceae;Staphylothermus;Staphylothermus marinus
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_381	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_121	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_512	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Thulinius;Thulinius sp. DVL-2010
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_389	Eukaryota;Tardigrada;Eutardigrada;Parachela;Hypsibiidae;Pseudobiotus;Pseudobiotus sp. SHR-2005
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_486	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_393	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus rotundiformis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_25	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_54	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_153	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_193	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;Philodinida;Philodinidae;Philodina;Philodina citrina
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_690	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;Philodinida;Philodinidae;Philodina;Philodina citrina
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_353	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;NA;NA;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_578	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;NA;NA;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_587	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;NA;NA;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_675	Eukaryota;Porifera;Homoscleromorpha;Homosclerophorida;Plakinidae;Oscarella;Oscarella viridis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_463	Eukaryota;Porifera;Homoscleromorpha;Homosclerophorida;Plakinidae;Oscarella;Oscarella microlobata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_219	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Verongiida;Aplysinidae;Aplysina;Aplysina cauliformis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_293	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_403	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_639	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_446	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tethyida;Tethyidae;Tethya;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_596	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Latrunculiidae;Negombata;Negombata magnifica
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_401	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Iotrochotidae;Iotrochota;Iotrochota birotulata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_665	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Agelasida;Agelasidae;Agelas;Agelas schmidti
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_112	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_126	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_483	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_709	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_605	Eukaryota;Porifera;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_670	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Trochida;Solariellidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_629	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Succineidae;Succinea;Succinea caduca
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_519	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_10	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_11	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_14	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Cantareus;Cantareus apertus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_641	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Agriolimacidae;Deroceras;Deroceras laeve
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_680	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;NA;Peltospiridae;Peltospira;Peltospira smaragdina
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_315	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Littorinimorpha;Vermetidae;Dendropoma;Dendropoma corrodens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_480	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Lepetellida;Haliotidae;Haliotis;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_329	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_716	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Cryptoglena;Cryptoglena skujai
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_576	Eukaryota;Echinodermata;Ophiuroidea;Ophiurida;Ophiactidae;Ophiactis;Ophiactis lymani
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_676	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Staurozoa;Stauromedusae;Haliclystidae;Haliclystus;Haliclystus antarcticus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_673	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Scyphozoa;Semaeostomeae;Pelagiidae;Chrysaora;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_167	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Sciuridae;Tamias;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_533	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Sciuridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_166	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Heteromyidae;Dipodomys;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_345	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Heteromyidae;Chaetodipus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_156	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Geomyidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_522	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Rodentia;Cricetidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_227	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_53	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_57	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_76	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_91	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_123	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_182	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_205	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_206	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_266	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_268	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_367	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_372	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_383	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_384	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_385	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_386	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_387	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_388	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_389	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_390	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_391	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_403	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_445	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_470	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_497	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_540	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_600	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_639	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_26	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_63	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_81	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_119	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_131	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_136	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_221	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_225	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_251	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_270	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_282	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_285	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_297	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_302	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_398	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_413	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_586	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_15	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_19	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_34	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_90	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_91	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_7	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;NA;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_9	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;NA;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_95	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Lepus;Lepus europaeus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_367	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Lepus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_380	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Cetacea;Ziphiidae;Mesoplodon;Mesoplodon densirostris
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_263	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Cetacea;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_614	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Felidae;Felis;Felis catus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_469	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Felidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_593	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Felidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_64	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_546	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_160	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_134	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Bovidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_395	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_470	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_646	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_168	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_187	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_229	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_630	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_655	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_318	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_176	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_151	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_474	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_135	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_240	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_454	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_604	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_43	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_74	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_79	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_83	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_99	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_106	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_116	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_137	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_141	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_146	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_165	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_166	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_171	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_173	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_174	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_193	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_196	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_197	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_198	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_203	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_214	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_215	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_217	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_228	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_238	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_244	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_256	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_257	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_269	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_291	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_309	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_316	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_319	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_323	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_333	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_346	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_359	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_363	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_364	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_365	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_412	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_413	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_414	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_416	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_449	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_452	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_473	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_477	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_493	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_494	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_507	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_516	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_530	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_533	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_545	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_561	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_567	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_576	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_608	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_623	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_627	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_3	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_170	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_205	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_295	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_313	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_434	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Megophryidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_539	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_65	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_31	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_105	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_152	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_282	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_352	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_379	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_410	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_448	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_529	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_559	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_560	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_486	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_706	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_12	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_18	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_20	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_32	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_42	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_43	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_46	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_64	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_68	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_69	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_74	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_521	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_664	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_649	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Hydrodictyaceae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_723	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_481	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas mexicana
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_390	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_653	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_346	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_686	Eukaryota;Bryozoa;Gymnolaemata;Cheilostomatida;Crepidacanthidae;Crepidacantha;Crepidacantha crinispina
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_556	Eukaryota;Bryozoa;Gymnolaemata;Cheilostomatida;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_18	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_421	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_527	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_16	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_292	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_314	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_360	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_396	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_695	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_29	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_66	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_526	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Candonidae;Candona;Candona orbiculata
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_23	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_68	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_86	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_95	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_135	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_201	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_225	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_341	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_349	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_357	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_358	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_476	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_506	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_523	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_524	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_525	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_544	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_553	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_554	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_555	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_556	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_557	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_558	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_590	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_626	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_85	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_173	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_211	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_235	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_243	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_265	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_279	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_306	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_430	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_466	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_515	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_531	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_532	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_542	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_41	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_71	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_72	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_383	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;NA;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_37	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_56	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_57	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_226	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_376	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_442	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_515	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_619	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_55	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_158	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus chiragra
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_394	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_645	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_724	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;Xanthidae;Xanthias;Xanthias lamarckii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_86	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;Gammarus balcanicus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_200	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus chiragra
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_82	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_122	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_382	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_118	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_164	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_175	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_190	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_203	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_204	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_278	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;Gonodactylidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_149	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_308	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Zygentoma;Lepismatidae;NA;Lepismatidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_600	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Zygentoma;Lepismatidae;NA;Lepismatidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_439	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Thysanoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_448	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Psocidae;Ptycta;Ptycta sp. Ptsp.MY.06.17.2008.02
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_436	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Liposcelidae;Liposcelis;Liposcelis bostrychophila
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_557	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;Lachesillidae;Lachesilla;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_453	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Psocoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_174	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Stenopelmatidae;Stenopelmatus;Stenopelmatus fuscus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_502	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Orthoptera;Acrididae;Marellia;Marellia remipes
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_44	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_158	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_360	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_499	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_562	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_568	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_575	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_603	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_605	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_609	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_615	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_620	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_629	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;Sympetrum corruptum
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_591	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_272	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_647	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;Sympetrum;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_156	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_259	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_324	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_435	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_276	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_301	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_569	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_6	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_27	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_77	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Libellulidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_568	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;Coenagrionidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_610	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_245	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_393	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Odonata;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_420	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Neuroptera;Coniopterygidae;Coniopteryx;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_92	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Mantodea;Iridopterygidae;Neomantis;Neomantis hyalina
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_384	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;Helicoverpa;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_306	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_72	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_561	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_624	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Noctuidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_400	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Nepticulidae;Stigmella;Stigmella roborella
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_459	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Elachistidae;Ethmia;Ethmia eupostica
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_113	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_267	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_379	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_392	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_438	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_475	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_482	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_510	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_547	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_564	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_575	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_642	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Eulophidae;Leptocybe;Leptocybe invasa
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_366	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_652	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Saldidae;Saldula;Saldula brevicornis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_425	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Saldidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_662	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Udeocoris;Udeocoris nigroaeneus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_357	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Ozophora;Ozophora sp. BOLD:ABX1620
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_450	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Rhyparochromidae;Ozophora;Ozophora sp. BOLD:ABX1620
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_381	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Psyllidae;Cacopsylla;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_701	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Psyllidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_581	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Taylorilygus;Taylorilygus apicalis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_517	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Polymerus;Polymerus sp. WCW-2003e
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_376	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Phytocoris;Phytocoris becki
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_298	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Phytocoris;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_312	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Phytocoris;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_139	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Keltonia;Keltonia tuckeri
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_528	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Keltonia;Keltonia tuckeri
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_311	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Irbisia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_472	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Europiella;Europiella decolor
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_40	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_691	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Ectopiocerus;Ectopiocerus anthracinus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_46	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Brooksetta;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_102	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_212	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_240	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_242	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_394	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara sp. YT-2009
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_69	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_461	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_546	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;Sigara;Sigara septemlineata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_106	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;NA;Corixidae sp. CW-2009
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_132	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Corixidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_468	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Coreidae;Anasa;Anasa sp. WCW-2003
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_537	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadidae;Canualna;Canualna liberiana
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_719	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Nesophrosyne;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_369	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Macrosteles;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_634	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Gunungidia;Gunungidia aurantiifasciata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_122	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Gunungidia;Gunungidia aurantiifasciata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_659	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Empoasca;Empoasca vitis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_679	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;Cabrulus;Cabrulus laberculus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_619	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Cicadellidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_228	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;Aphis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_593	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_107	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_172	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_194	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_361	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_441	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_498	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_539	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Aphididae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_163	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_460	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_489	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_606	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;Callibaetis ferrugineus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_133	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;Callibaetis ferrugineus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_236	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_446	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Tipula;Tipula abdominalis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_117	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Tipulidae;Tipula;Tipula abdominalis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_374	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Syrphidae;Eristalinus;Eristalinus punctulatus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_410	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Sciara;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_599	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Leptosciarella;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_594	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Corynoptera;Corynoptera perpusilla
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_625	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Bradysia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;Bradysia;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_261	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_59	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_326	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_428	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_431	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_506	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_514	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_559	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_560	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_565	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_648	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Sciaridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_458	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_527	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_550	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_671	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Psychodidae;NA;Psychodidae sp. CH-2014
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_300	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Phoridae;Megaselia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_434	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;NA;NA;Diptera sp. 79 LC-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_125	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;NA;NA;Diptera sp. 74 LC-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_501	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Mycetophilidae;Gnoriste;Gnoriste bilineata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_604	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Mycetophilidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_171	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Lispe;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_177	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Lispe;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_249	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Lispe;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_386	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_449	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Libnotes;Libnotes orofenaae
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_462	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_465	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_544	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;Dicranomyia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_143	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_232	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_310	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_113	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_350	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_42	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Empididae;Clinocera;Clinocera sp. Pollet 0249
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_573	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Drosophilidae;Drosophila;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_116	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Sympycnus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_199	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_487	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_589	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;Dolichopus campestris
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_432	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Dolichopus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_570	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Chrysotus;Chrysotus pulchellus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_237	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Campsicnemus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_563	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;Campsicnemus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_78	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_140	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_582	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_483	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;Teleopsis nr. discrepans A MS-2015
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_635	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;Teleopsis nr. discrepans A MS-2015
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_13	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_48	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_153	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_618	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_37	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;Teleopsis;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Diopsidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_75	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_599	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_538	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_336	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;Anopheles homunculus
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_50	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_399	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_27	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_111	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_181	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_250	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Anopheles;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_129	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_59	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_115	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_345	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_478	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_487	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_508	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_511	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_512	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_513	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_637	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_90	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_115	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_328	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_81	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Parochlus;Parochlus steinenii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_26	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_334	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_368	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_598	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_21	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_87	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_535	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_609	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_626	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_39	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_578	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_596	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_32	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_370	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_19	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_63	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_73	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_77	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_81	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_84	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_94	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_98	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_361	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_373	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_400	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_425	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_460	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_541	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_569	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_570	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_586	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_587	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_588	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_589	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_616	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_66	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_102	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_165	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_195	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_216	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_223	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_262	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_352	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_493	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_656	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_39	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_76	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_82	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 1 PAOL-2017
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_3	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_17	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_22	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_29	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_41	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_49	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_66	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_87	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_96	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_114	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_117	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_118	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_132	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_138	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_140	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_142	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_145	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_148	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_150	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_169	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_185	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_187	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_189	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_194	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_199	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_202	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_222	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_224	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_235	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_236	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_237	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_239	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_243	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_245	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_249	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_251	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_252	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_254	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_255	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_275	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_276	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_277	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_278	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_293	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_294	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_297	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_298	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_299	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_300	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_325	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_328	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_329	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_335	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_336	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_338	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_339	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_340	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_342	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_343	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_348	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_350	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_351	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_353	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_356	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_362	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_366	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_375	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_429	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_437	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_440	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_455	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_469	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_472	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_474	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_482	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_490	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_491	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_498	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_500	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_504	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_505	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_510	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_522	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_531	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_532	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_536	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_538	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_548	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_549	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_552	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_566	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_571	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_572	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_577	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_580	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_594	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_595	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_597	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_601	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_631	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_19	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_36	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_62	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_80	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_215	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_373	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_495	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_26	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_55	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_62	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_67	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_83	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_6	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus tepperi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_42	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cardiocladius;Cardiocladius sp. MNK-2008
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_27	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_55	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_56	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_61	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_85	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_128	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_129	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_133	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_143	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_147	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_168	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_175	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_181	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_183	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_186	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_192	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_195	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_200	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_207	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_227	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_229	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_231	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_232	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_233	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_234	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_241	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_246	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_247	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_285	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_289	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_290	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_295	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_296	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_301	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_302	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_311	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_313	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_317	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_326	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_327	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_330	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_331	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_377	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_392	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_401	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_402	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_424	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_439	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_441	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_451	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_453	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_458	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_459	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_465	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_466	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_467	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_484	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_485	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_489	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_501	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_502	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_503	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_509	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_514	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_521	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_535	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_551	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_565	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_602	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_636	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_29	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_56	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_108	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_123	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_124	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_150	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_247	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_258	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_260	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_280	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_303	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_324	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_334	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_335	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_385	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_601	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_717	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_718	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_2	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_22	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_23	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_36	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_63	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_65	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_73	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_80	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_84	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_85	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_71	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sonorensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_41	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sonorensis
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_51	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides sonorensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_633	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;Culicoides arakawae
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_99	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_206	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_264	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_268	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_269	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_494	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_590	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_615	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_693	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_713	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;Ozirhincus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;Dasineura;Dasineura mali
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_574	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_704	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_239	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Calliphoridae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_689	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Asilidae;Stenopogon;Stenopogon martini
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_572	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;Liriomyza;Liriomyza sativae
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_73	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Agromyzidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_78	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_112	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_119	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_157	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_337	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_520	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_614	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_617	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_641	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_643	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_35	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_38	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_50	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_60	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_61	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_75	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_76	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_84	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_91	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_94	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_97	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_101	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_103	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_138	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_141	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_144	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_159	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_180	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_183	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_238	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_241	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_255	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_343	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_349	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_351	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_354	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_365	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_388	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_433	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_437	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_467	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_477	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_491	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_497	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_503	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_513	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_529	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_536	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_584	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_585	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_595	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_612	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_658	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_669	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_678	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_558	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Tenebrionidae;Pimelia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_643	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Tenebrionidae;Emmalodera;Emmalodera sp. EMM1
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_457	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Tenebrionidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_504	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Aphodius;Aphodius fimetarius
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_703	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_516	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Meloidae;Cerocoma;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_617	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydrophilidae;Tropisternus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_668	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydrophilidae;Tropisternus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_677	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Hydraenidae;Ochthebius;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_452	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Rhantus;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_438	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_96	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_307	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Ilybius;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_476	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;Hygrotus turbidus
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_54	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_638	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_39	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_635	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hygrotus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hydroporus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_627	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Hydroporus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_105	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_455	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_103	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_475	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_33	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_137	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_145	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_155	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_178	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_179	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_184	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_191	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_244	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_273	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_275	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_304	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_333	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_364	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_375	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_411	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_412	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_414	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_421	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_426	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_429	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_447	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_479	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_488	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_524	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_525	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_579	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_580	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_591	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_597	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_654	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Agabus;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_67	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_134	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_144	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_305	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_405	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_406	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_428	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_479	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_480	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_481	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_517	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_518	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_628	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_13	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_34	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_43	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_53	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_68	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_79	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_83	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_109	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_146	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_201	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_218	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_231	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_233	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_234	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_254	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_286	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_309	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_318	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_323	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_325	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_330	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_331	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_337	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_339	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_340	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_341	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_342	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_347	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_355	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_356	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_368	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_371	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_404	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_405	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_415	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_419	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_422	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_423	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_424	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_440	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_442	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_443	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_444	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_451	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_490	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_496	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_507	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_523	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_545	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_551	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_553	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_588	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_602	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_608	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_613	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_628	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_645	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_696	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_712	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_21	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_259	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Curculionidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_663	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Coccinellidae;Coccinella;Coccinella septempunctata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_157	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;Trirhabda;Trirhabda virgata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_631	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Chrysomelidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_104	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_130	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_287	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_294	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_358	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_407	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_616	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cantharidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_151	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_408	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_454	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_31	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_622	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Blattodea;Kalotermitidae;Incisitermes;Incisitermes minor
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_253	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_260	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_322	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_354	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_447	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_564	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_189	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_210	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_222	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_253	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_271	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_370	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_387	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_672	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Hexanauplia;Pygophora;Lithoglyptidae;Balanodytes;Balanodytes sp. ACRO_sp_119
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_710	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Diplopoda;Spirobolida;Spirobolidae;Narceus;Narceus annularus
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_242	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_57	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_435	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella tergilobata
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_25	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_172	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_262	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_644	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_20	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_67	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_185	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_217	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_378	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_571	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_603	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_16	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;Ceratophysella liguladorsi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_224	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_33	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Hypogastruridae;Ceratophysella;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_552	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_509	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Isotomidae;Folsomia;Folsomia quadrioculata
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_721	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Isotomidae;Cryptopygus;Cryptopygus sverdrupi
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_213	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Entomobryidae;Willowsia;Willowsia similis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_46	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_433	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_31	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_207	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_256	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_332	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_464	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_567	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_583	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_274	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Chilopoda;Lithobiomorpha;Henicopidae;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_80	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_218	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_488	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_573	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_574	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_630	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Macrotrichidae;Macrothrix;Macrothrix laticornis
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_40	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_79	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Daphnia;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_581	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_582	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_583	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_584	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_18	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_277	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia sp. 7 PS-2012
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_585	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_305	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Chydoridae;Alona;Alona setulosa
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_78	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_21	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_28	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_36	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_64	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_65	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_72	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_92	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_97	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_101	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_110	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_111	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_125	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_130	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_131	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_159	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_160	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_161	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_163	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_167	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_170	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_176	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_177	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_178	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_179	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_180	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_184	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_188	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_209	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_211	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_212	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_219	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_221	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_223	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_270	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_271	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_272	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_273	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_279	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_281	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_284	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_286	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_287	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_288	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_292	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_304	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_308	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_310	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_315	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_396	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_398	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_404	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_407	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_411	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_415	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_418	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_419	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_420	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_423	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_427	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_431	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_432	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_436	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_443	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_457	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_461	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_462	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_463	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_464	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_468	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_471	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_526	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_563	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_612	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_613	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_2	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_128	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_142	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_161	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_188	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_197	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_209	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_214	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_246	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_281	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_284	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_289	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_291	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_359	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_416	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_30	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_642	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_23	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_192	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta lindahli
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_408	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_471	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_3	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_13	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_25	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_35	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_50	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_53	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_59	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_60	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_61	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_75	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_20	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_121	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_17	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_86	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_87	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_108	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_155	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_190	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_213	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_283	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_395	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_422	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_592	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_44	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_74	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_399	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_511	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_518	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_54	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_283	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ologamasidae;Stylochyrus;Stylochyrus rarior
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_427	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ologamasidae;Stylochyrus;Stylochyrus rarior
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_377	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Theridiidae;Wamba;Wamba crispulus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_500	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;Sassacus;Sassacus vitis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_566	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_722	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Philodromidae;Titanebo;Titanebo mexicanus
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_681	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Lycosidae;Pardosa;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_607	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_139	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
forward_vp1_Metazoa_16S_250	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_58	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_418	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_473	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_519	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_714	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Metazoa_16S_44	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_1	Eukaryota;;;Cercomonadida;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_409	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_632	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_697	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_2	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_8	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_700	Bacteria;Gemmatimonadetes;Gemmatimonadetes;Gemmatimonadales;Gemmatimonadaceae;Gemmatirosa;Gemmatirosa kalamazoonesis
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_555	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Ardenticatenia;Ardenticatenales;Ardenticatenaceae;Candidatus Promineofilum;Candidatus Promineofilum breve
merged_vp1_Metazoa_16S_661	Bacteria;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_21	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_73	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_336	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_337	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_720	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_748	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_756	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_973	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp1_CO1_358	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Trichocercidae;Trichocerca;Trichocerca stylata
forward_vp1_CO1_16	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_166	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_206	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_240	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_353	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_477	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_479	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_822	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_824	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_836	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_891	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp1_CO1_967	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp1_CO1_14	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp1_CO1_138	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp1_CO1_62	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra sp. WM-2017a
forward_vp1_CO1_10	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_12	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_112	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_141	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_148	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_191	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_232	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_350	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_474	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_480	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_485	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_678	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_811	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_821	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_841	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_842	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_843	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_848	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_849	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_858	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_865	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp1_CO1_944	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
merged_vp1_CO1_854	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Epiphanidae;Epiphanes;Epiphanes senta
merged_vp1_CO1_329	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Euchlanis;Euchlanis dilatata
merged_vp1_CO1_3	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus calyciflorus
merged_vp1_CO1_320	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus calyciflorus
merged_vp1_CO1_764	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus calyciflorus
merged_vp1_CO1_6	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_913	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1184	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;;;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp1_CO1_1486	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;;;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp1_CO1_113	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Plocamiales;Sarcodiaceae;Sarcodia;Sarcodia sp. 1Aus
merged_vp1_CO1_1530	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Plocamiales;Plocamiaceae;Plocamium;Plocamium violaceum
merged_vp1_CO1_591	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gracilariales;Gracilariaceae;Gracilariopsis;Gracilariopsis heteroclada
merged_vp1_CO1_722	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gracilariales;Gracilariaceae;Gracilaria;Gracilaria crassa
merged_vp1_CO1_317	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Hypneaceae;Hypnea;Hypnea cornuta
merged_vp1_CO1_771	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Gigartinaceae;Gigartina;Gigartina pistillata
forward_vp1_CO1_979	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gelidiales;Gelidiaceae;Ptilophora;Ptilophora hildebrandtii
merged_vp1_CO1_1282	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Vertebrata;Vertebrata sp. _1fucoides
merged_vp1_CO1_137	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Palisada;Palisada tenerrima
merged_vp1_CO1_1499	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Ohelopapa;Ohelopapa flexilis
merged_vp1_CO1_1244	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Lophosiphonia;Lophosiphonia reptabunda
forward_vp1_CO1_380	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Herposiphonia;Herposiphonia sp. ARS-2011
merged_vp1_CO1_1400	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Chondria;Chondria sp. (in: Rhodophyta)
merged_vp1_CO1_810	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Delesseriaceae;Membranoptera;Membranoptera fabriciana
merged_vp1_CO1_1229	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Delesseriaceae;Membranoptera;Membranoptera fabriciana
forward_vp1_CO1_200	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1130	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Batrachospermales;Batrachospermaceae;Nothocladus;Nothocladus kraftii
forward_vp1_CO1_742	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_915	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_196	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Pyropia;Pyropia haitanensis
merged_vp1_CO1_860	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Porphyra;Porphyra sp. CHF
merged_vp1_CO1_1386	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_798	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tethyida;Tethyidae;Tethya;Tethya aurantium
merged_vp1_CO1_946	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Desmacellida;Desmacellidae;Desmacella;Desmacella cf. annexa BELUM<GBR> Mc4240
merged_vp1_CO1_1249	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Raspailiidae;Thrinacophora;Thrinacophora rhaphidophora
merged_vp1_CO1_1478	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Raspailiidae;Thrinacophora;Thrinacophora rhaphidophora
merged_vp1_CO1_831	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Raspailiidae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_443	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_396	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_458	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_576	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_660	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_1018	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_1132	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_1199	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp1_CO1_582	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Synurales;Mallomonadaceae;Synura;Synura synuroidea
merged_vp1_CO1_1397	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Poterioochromonas;Poterioochromonas malhamensis
merged_vp1_CO1_16	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp1_CO1_242	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp1_CO1_253	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp1_CO1_312	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp1_CO1_1288	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp1_CO1_172	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp1_CO1_531	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp1_CO1_1281	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Sphacelariales;Choristocarpaceae;Choristocarpus;Choristocarpus tenellus
merged_vp1_CO1_151	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp1_CO1_24	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp1_CO1_219	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp1_CO1_297	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp1_CO1_316	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp1_CO1_652	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp1_CO1_677	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
merged_vp1_CO1_1482	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Laminariales;Agaraceae;Neoagarum;Neoagarum fimbriatum
forward_vp1_CO1_446	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_24	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_120	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_497	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_1078	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_1089	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_275	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Hydroclathrus;Hydroclathrus stephanosorus
merged_vp1_CO1_703	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Hydroclathrus;Hydroclathrus minutus
merged_vp1_CO1_311	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Colpomenia;Colpomenia sinuosa
merged_vp1_CO1_154	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Sauvageaugloia;Sauvageaugloia divaricata
merged_vp1_CO1_1088	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Punctaria;Punctaria latifolia
merged_vp1_CO1_823	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;NA;Chordariaceae sp. 4 AP-2016
merged_vp1_CO1_489	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;NA;Chordariaceae sp. 21 AP-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_928	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Laminarionema;Laminarionema elsbetiae
merged_vp1_CO1_971	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Laminarionema;Laminarionema elsbetiae
merged_vp1_CO1_1524	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Ascocyclus;Ascocyclus orbicularis
merged_vp1_CO1_193	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Acinetosporaceae;NA;Acinetosporaceae sp. 4 AP-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_54	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Cutleriales;Cutleriaceae;Cutleria;Cutleria multifida
forward_vp1_CO1_435	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp1_CO1_184	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp1_CO1_330	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp1_CO1_1479	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia asterophora
merged_vp1_CO1_432	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Pythiopsis;Pythiopsis terrestris
merged_vp1_CO1_939	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Newbya;Newbya spinosa
merged_vp1_CO1_1438	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Leptolegnia;Leptolegnia sp. BOLD:AAX5717
merged_vp1_CO1_870	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Salispina;Salispina spinosa
merged_vp1_CO1_274	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium yorkensis
forward_vp1_CO1_866	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium viniferum
merged_vp1_CO1_357	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium ultimum
forward_vp1_CO1_62	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
forward_vp1_CO1_272	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp1_CO1_124	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp1_CO1_1247	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011a
merged_vp1_CO1_434	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium oopapillum
merged_vp1_CO1_234	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium multisporum
merged_vp1_CO1_155	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium aff. diclinum
merged_vp1_CO1_642	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium abappressorium
merged_vp1_CO1_176	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium vexans
forward_vp1_CO1_751	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. SL-2017a
merged_vp1_CO1_228	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_268	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_300	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_1390	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp1_CO1_822	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium kandeliae
merged_vp1_CO1_522	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium citrinum
merged_vp1_CO1_430	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium chamaehyphon
merged_vp1_CO1_1271	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium aff. vexans
merged_vp1_CO1_102	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Halophytophthora;Halophytophthora avicenniae
forward_vp1_CO1_105	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
forward_vp1_CO1_431	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
merged_vp1_CO1_158	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Pgchlamydo x Phytophthora amnicola
merged_vp1_CO1_428	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora syringae
forward_vp1_CO1_379	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. x Kunnunara-like
merged_vp1_CO1_747	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. x insolita-like
merged_vp1_CO1_1209	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. x amnicola
forward_vp1_CO1_827	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. 2 EEO-2011
forward_vp1_CO1_178	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora parsiana
merged_vp1_CO1_1430	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora nicotianae
merged_vp1_CO1_1191	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora litchii
merged_vp1_CO1_958	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora kernoviae
forward_vp1_CO1_80	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora insolita
merged_vp1_CO1_1091	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora fallax
merged_vp1_CO1_360	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora drechsleri
forward_vp1_CO1_482	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora chrysanthemi
merged_vp1_CO1_349	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora chrysanthemi
forward_vp1_CO1_202	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora capsici
forward_vp1_CO1_494	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora capsici
forward_vp1_CO1_471	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora cambivora
merged_vp1_CO1_1488	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora cambivora
merged_vp1_CO1_859	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora aquimorbida
merged_vp1_CO1_885	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Peronospora;Peronospora stigmaticola
merged_vp1_CO1_526	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;Lagenidiaceae;Lagenidium;Lagenidium sp. DAOM 242348
merged_vp1_CO1_750	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;Lagenidiaceae;Lagenidium;Lagenidium caudatum
merged_vp1_CO1_925	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Physariida;Didymiaceae;Didymium;Didymium minus
merged_vp1_CO1_1136	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Physariida;Didymiaceae;Didymium;Didymium minus
merged_vp1_CO1_1201	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Physariida;Didymiaceae;Didymium;Didymium minus
merged_vp1_CO1_922	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera minutissima
merged_vp1_CO1_1057	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera kereti
merged_vp1_CO1_1060	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp1_CO1_1185	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp1_CO1_1509	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp1_CO1_1112	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Vannella;Vannella sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_42	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
merged_vp1_CO1_40	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
merged_vp1_CO1_588	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
merged_vp1_CO1_1129	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
merged_vp1_CO1_1205	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Neoparamoeba;Neoparamoeba longipodia
forward_vp1_CO1_410	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp1_CO1_566	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp1_CO1_921	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp1_CO1_1183	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp1_CO1_1349	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp1_CO1_1175	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Malawimonadidae;Malawimonas;Malawimonas sp. strain 249
merged_vp1_CO1_1133	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Vermamoeba;Vermamoeba vermiformis
merged_vp1_CO1_1240	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Vermamoeba;Vermamoeba vermiformis
merged_vp1_CO1_1383	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Vermamoeba;Vermamoeba vermiformis
merged_vp1_CO1_829	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Hartmannella;Hartmannella cantabrigiensis
merged_vp1_CO1_1212	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Hartmannella;Hartmannella cantabrigiensis
merged_vp1_CO1_726	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1222	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba palestinensis
merged_vp1_CO1_1243	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba palestinensis
merged_vp1_CO1_1123	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba lenticulata
merged_vp1_CO1_967	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba comandoni
merged_vp1_CO1_484	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba byersi
forward_vp1_CO1_142	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
forward_vp1_CO1_414	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_71	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_628	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp1_CO1_981	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp1_CO1_1056	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp1_CO1_1305	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium kieliense
merged_vp1_CO1_1520	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium kieliense
merged_vp1_CO1_363	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Choanoflagellida;Salpingoecidae;Monosiga;Monosiga brevicollis
merged_vp1_CO1_1341	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Cercomonadida;Cercomonadidae;Paracercomonas;Paracercomonas marina
forward_vp1_CO1_6	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_46	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_63	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_144	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_289	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_303	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_304	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_385	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_409	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_423	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_540	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_575	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_577	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_578	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_586	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_616	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_617	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_619	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_665	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_682	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_683	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp1_CO1_688	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_8	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_49	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_167	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_350	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_617	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_777	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp1_CO1_1224	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Arcellinida;Hyalospheniidae;Certesella;Certesella martiali
merged_vp1_CO1_930	Eukaryota;NA;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
merged_vp1_CO1_294	Eukaryota;NA;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;Nannochloropsis granulata
merged_vp1_CO1_830	Eukaryota;NA;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;Nannochloropsis granulata
merged_vp1_CO1_1429	Eukaryota;NA;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Eustigmataceae;Eustigmatos;Eustigmatos magnus
merged_vp1_CO1_1394	Eukaryota;NA;Dictyochophyceae;Pedinellales;NA;Pseudopedinella;Pseudopedinella elastica
merged_vp1_CO1_208	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;Segregatospumella;Segregatospumella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_339	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;Segregatospumella;Segregatospumella dracosaxi
merged_vp1_CO1_334	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Chrysophyceae sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_573	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Chrysophyceae sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_354	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_457	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_525	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_152	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_168	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_271	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_342	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_787	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_850	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1113	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1435	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_555	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_245	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_273	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1410	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_213	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_445	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_609	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_833	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_1106	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_1304	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp1_CO1_216	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_404	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_768	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_367	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sp. JBM19
forward_vp1_CO1_259	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_120	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp1_CO1_301	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp1_CO1_309	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp1_CO1_333	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp1_CO1_731	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_68	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_159	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_226	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_332	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_636	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_721	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_923	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_1085	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_1380	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp1_CO1_377	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp1_CO1_488	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp1_CO1_856	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp1_CO1_1531	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
reverse_vp1_CO1_18	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Lauriidae;Leiostyla;Leiostyla fusca
merged_vp1_CO1_1238	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Hygromiidae;Trochulus;Trochulus biconicus
merged_vp1_CO1_435	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Liburnica;Liburnica setosa
merged_vp1_CO1_1471	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Lepidochaetus;Lepidochaetus zelinkai
merged_vp1_CO1_1019	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Chaetonotus;Chaetonotus sp. 1 TK-2012
merged_vp1_CO1_1120	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Chaetonotus;Chaetonotus hornsundi
merged_vp1_CO1_1447	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Aspidiophorus;Aspidiophorus ophiodermus
merged_vp1_CO1_995	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Lepidodermella;
merged_vp1_CO1_756	Eukaryota;Euglenida;NA;Euglenales;Phacaceae;Phacus;Phacus pleuronectes
forward_vp1_CO1_747	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Cryptomonadaceae;Cryptomonas;Cryptomonas curvata
merged_vp1_CO1_414	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Cryptomonadaceae;Cryptomonas;Cryptomonas curvata
merged_vp1_CO1_943	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Rhizophysidae;Rhizophysa;Rhizophysa eysenhardti
merged_vp1_CO1_286	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Prayidae;Praya;Praya reticulata
merged_vp1_CO1_388	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Apolemiidae;Apolemia;Apolemia rubriversa
forward_vp1_CO1_92	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Sertulariidae;Fraseroscyphus;Fraseroscyphus hozawai
merged_vp1_CO1_104	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Mitrocomidae;Earleria;Earleria quadrata
merged_vp1_CO1_975	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Campanulariidae;Obelia;Obelia sp. JRH-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_136	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Campanulariidae;Obelia;Obelia dichotoma
merged_vp1_CO1_266	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1044	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Zancleidae;Zanclea;Zanclea gallii
merged_vp1_CO1_1172	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Pennariidae;Pennaria;Pennaria disticha
merged_vp1_CO1_109	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Pandeidae;Leuckartiara;Leuckartiara sp. PS-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_413	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Oceaniidae;Turritopsis;Turritopsis lata
merged_vp1_CO1_1318	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Corynidae;Sarsia;Sarsia princeps
merged_vp1_CO1_1159	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Corynidae;Sarsia;Sarsia bella
forward_vp1_CO1_218	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_849	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_982	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1207	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_592	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_892	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_980	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1412	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_9	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_66	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_145	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_159	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_199	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_298	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_397	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_570	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_675	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp1_CO1_860	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_CO1_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_CO1_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_CO1_60	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_CO1_371	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
reverse_vp1_CO1_19	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp1_CO1_1210	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Pseudochlorella;Pseudochlorella subsphaerica
merged_vp1_CO1_507	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella sp. MBTD-CMFRI-S026
merged_vp1_CO1_667	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella sp. ArM0029B
merged_vp1_CO1_712	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella sp. ArM0029B
merged_vp1_CO1_1285	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella heliozoae
merged_vp1_CO1_289	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;
merged_vp1_CO1_519	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp1_CO1_1236	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp1_CO1_1340	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
forward_vp1_CO1_262	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Dolichomastigaceae;Dolichomastix;Dolichomastix tenuilepis
merged_vp1_CO1_38	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Dolichomastigaceae;Dolichomastix;Dolichomastix tenuilepis
forward_vp1_CO1_231	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp1_CO1_111	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp1_CO1_447	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp1_CO1_303	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Neochloridaceae;Neochloris;Neochloris aquatica
merged_vp1_CO1_796	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
merged_vp1_CO1_883	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
forward_vp1_CO1_587	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_483	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_665	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_824	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_895	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_984	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp1_CO1_1464	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
forward_vp1_CO1_11	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_34	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_37	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_57	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_64	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_77	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_82	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_90	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_98	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_119	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_143	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_160	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_180	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_198	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_213	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_226	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_254	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_264	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_266	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_328	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_334	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_427	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_441	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_459	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_468	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_470	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_475	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_547	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_569	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_597	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_598	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_608	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_609	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_636	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_666	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_686	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_696	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_697	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_705	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_727	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_734	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_735	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_741	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_778	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_781	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_815	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_816	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_819	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_823	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_831	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_5	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_31	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_36	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_55	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_105	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_408	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_411	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_468	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_502	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_529	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_626	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_701	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_806	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_886	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_917	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_966	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_1241	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_CO1_1477	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_CO1_965	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas moewusii
merged_vp1_CO1_1300	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas moewusii
merged_vp1_CO1_359	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas incerta
merged_vp1_CO1_1142	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1333	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1280	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Ustilaginomycetes;Ustilaginales;Ustilaginaceae;Sporisorium;Sporisorium scitamineum
merged_vp1_CO1_759	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Tremellomycetes;Tremellales;Cryptococcaceae;Cryptococcus;Cryptococcus neoformans
merged_vp1_CO1_1455	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Microbotryomycetes;Sporidiobolales;Sporidiobolaceae;Rhodotorula;Rhodotorula taiwanensis
merged_vp1_CO1_194	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Malasseziomycetes;Malasseziales;Malasseziaceae;Malassezia;Malassezia globosa
merged_vp1_CO1_284	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Russulales;Russulaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1533	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Russulales;Russulaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_429	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Russulales;Hericiaceae;Hericium;Hericium coralloides
forward_vp1_CO1_429	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Polyporales;Polyporaceae;Ganoderma;Ganoderma resinaceum
merged_vp1_CO1_643	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Polyporales;Polyporaceae;Ganoderma;Ganoderma resinaceum
merged_vp1_CO1_1028	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Polyporales;Polyporaceae;Ganoderma;Ganoderma resinaceum
merged_vp1_CO1_1140	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Psathyrellaceae;Psathyrella;Psathyrella candolleana
merged_vp1_CO1_395	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp1_CO1_535	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp1_CO1_654	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp1_CO1_672	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp1_CO1_1181	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp1_CO1_1353	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
forward_vp1_CO1_472	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Cortinariaceae;Cortinarius;Cortinarius sp. TRTC155651
merged_vp1_CO1_375	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_590	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_789	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_717	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_903	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Fragilariophyceae;Fragilariales;Fragilariaceae;Grammonema;Grammonema striatula
merged_vp1_CO1_1178	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Fragilariophyceae;Fragilariales;Fragilariaceae;Asterionellopsis;Asterionellopsis guyunusae
merged_vp1_CO1_1418	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Coscinodiscophyceae;Thalassiosirales;Stephanodiscaceae;Cyclotella;Cyclotella sp. MBTD-CMFRI-S080
merged_vp1_CO1_902	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Coscinodiscophyceae;Thalassiosirales;Skeletonemataceae;Skeletonema;Skeletonema costatum
merged_vp1_CO1_541	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Sellaphoraceae;Sellaphora;
merged_vp1_CO1_977	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia subanglica
merged_vp1_CO1_1036	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1169	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_624	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;
merged_vp1_CO1_727	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;
merged_vp1_CO1_295	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp1_CO1_694	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp1_CO1_731	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp1_CO1_761	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp1_CO1_814	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp1_CO1_1324	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Fistulifera;Fistulifera pelliculosa
merged_vp1_CO1_251	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_533	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_553	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_791	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_1121	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_1206	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_1286	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_1326	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_1354	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp1_CO1_953	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia frustulum
merged_vp1_CO1_1068	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia alba
forward_vp1_CO1_382	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1460	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Taphrinomycetes;Taphrinales;Taphrinaceae;Taphrina;Taphrina wiesneri
merged_vp1_CO1_1483	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Sordariomycetes;Hypocreales;Ophiocordycipitaceae;Tolypocladium;Tolypocladium ophioglossoides
merged_vp1_CO1_1298	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Sordariomycetes;Hypocreales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1220	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Sordariomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_465	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp1_CO1_585	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp1_CO1_964	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp1_CO1_1374	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp1_CO1_1391	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Pleosporales;Didymellaceae;Didymella;Didymella pinodes
merged_vp1_CO1_1214	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Pleosporales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1475	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Pleosporales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_924	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Capnodiales;Mycosphaerellaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1434	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1388	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Heterocypris;Heterocypris incongruens
forward_vp1_CO1_863	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
merged_vp1_CO1_615	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp1_CO1_437	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_825	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_945	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_134	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_222	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_400	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_696	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_949	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_4	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_111	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_182	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_221	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_227	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_244	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_260	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_265	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_292	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_299	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_323	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_335	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_348	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_362	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_383	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_398	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_467	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_469	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_473	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_509	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_515	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_563	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_571	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_600	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_641	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_642	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_643	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_663	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_673	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_733	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_739	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_740	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_765	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_776	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_777	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_779	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_782	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_783	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_792	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_793	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_828	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_833	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_880	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_881	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_884	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_885	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_904	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_927	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_938	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_939	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_7	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_88	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_243	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_301	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1200	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1406	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_CO1_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
reverse_vp1_CO1_16	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_548	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Squillidae;NA;Squillidae sp. PNG-0149
merged_vp1_CO1_544	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;NA;NA;Stomatopoda sp. LPdivOTU483
forward_vp1_CO1_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_45	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_152	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_286	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_527	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_528	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_982	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_983	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_984	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_985	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_986	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_987	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_988	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_989	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_990	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_991	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_405	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_477	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_542	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_559	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp1_CO1_782	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
reverse_vp1_CO1_6	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
reverse_vp1_CO1_26	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp1_CO1_483	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;NA;NA;Brachyura sp. LPdivOTU523
merged_vp1_CO1_298	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1276	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Amphipoda;Gammaridae;Gammarus;
reverse_vp1_CO1_24	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Trichoptera;Hydroptilidae;Orthotrichia;Orthotrichia lanna
merged_vp1_CO1_1319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1073	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Crabronidae;Crossocerus;Crossocerus podagricus
reverse_vp1_CO1_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1487	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;Miridae;Irbisia;Irbisia sericans
merged_vp1_CO1_773	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;Callibaetis ferrugineus
merged_vp1_CO1_683	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;NA;NA;Diptera sp. BOLD:ACT0370
merged_vp1_CO1_1259	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Limnophora;Limnophora sp. BIOUG22431-F10
merged_vp1_CO1_1103	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;NA;Limoniidae sp. sc_03287
merged_vp1_CO1_807	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;NA;Chioneinae sp. BIOUG01392-F07
merged_vp1_CO1_1252	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;Scatella;Scatella sp. BIOUG01400-D05
merged_vp1_CO1_960	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;Culex tarsalis
merged_vp1_CO1_1470	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Zavrelimyia;Zavrelimyia sp. 20117-B4
merged_vp1_CO1_264	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Tanytarsus;Tanytarsus dendyi
forward_vp1_CO1_344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Tanytarsus;
merged_vp1_CO1_399	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Procladius;Procladius sp. BOLD-2016
forward_vp1_CO1_879	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_CO1_206	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp1_CO1_1135	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;Orthocladiinae sp. BOLD-2016
forward_vp1_CO1_589	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_115	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_199	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_394	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_452	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_762	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_767	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_781	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_788	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_819	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1034	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1107	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1296	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_610	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;Chironomidae sp. BOLD:AAP3767
merged_vp1_CO1_936	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Microtendipes;Microtendipes sp. BARS_2016_77_063
merged_vp1_CO1_494	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp1_CO1_521	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp1_CO1_250	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Dicrotendipes;Dicrotendipes sp. BOLD:AAN5076
merged_vp1_CO1_893	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Dicrotendipes;Dicrotendipes sp. BOLD:AAN5076
merged_vp1_CO1_92	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. ES07
merged_vp1_CO1_1020	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. ES07
forward_vp1_CO1_167	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
merged_vp1_CO1_214	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Corynoneura;Corynoneura arctica
forward_vp1_CO1_68	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
merged_vp1_CO1_63	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
forward_vp1_CO1_225	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus plumosus
merged_vp1_CO1_338	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus maturus
merged_vp1_CO1_139	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus frommeri
merged_vp1_CO1_393	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp1_CO1_498	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp1_CO1_1012	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
forward_vp1_CO1_125	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_126	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_146	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_670	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_743	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_744	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_752	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp1_CO1_52	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp1_CO1_72	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp1_CO1_256	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp1_CO1_367	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp1_CO1_193	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_416	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_232	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_711	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_776	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1219	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1480	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_692	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp1_CO1_947	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_437	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_157	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Staphylinidae;Leptacinus;Leptacinus sulcifrons
merged_vp1_CO1_1049	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Nanos;Nanos binotatus
merged_vp1_CO1_1491	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp1_CO1_1171	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Corylophidae;NA;Corylophidae sp. BOLD:ACD9449
merged_vp1_CO1_451	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Pidonia;Pidonia scripta
merged_vp1_CO1_563	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;Desisa variabilis
merged_vp1_CO1_1095	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;Desisa variabilis
merged_vp1_CO1_1151	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;Desisa variabilis
merged_vp1_CO1_279	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;
merged_vp1_CO1_650	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;
merged_vp1_CO1_843	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;
merged_vp1_CO1_446	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Pogonus;Pogonus riparius
merged_vp1_CO1_705	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Ophonus;Ophonus laticollis
merged_vp1_CO1_935	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1187	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_780	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1047	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1262	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_10	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1327	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Diplopoda;;;;
unmerged_vp1_CO1_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Neanuridae;Sensillanura;Sensillanura austriaca
merged_vp1_CO1_230	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1039	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1076	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_556	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_614	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;Moina cf. micrura 2 MEG-2008
merged_vp1_CO1_826	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_CO1_1162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;Ceriodaphnia cf. laticaudata BOLD:AAB5055
forward_vp1_CO1_369	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;
merged_vp1_CO1_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;
merged_vp1_CO1_973	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_610	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_CO1_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp1_CO1_319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
forward_vp1_CO1_281	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_46	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_209	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_965	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp1_CO1_1156	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp1_CO1_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_CO1_417	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_CO1_418	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp1_CO1_611	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp1_CO1_811	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Sarcoptiformes;Tectocepheidae;Tectocepheus;Tectocepheus sp. BIOUG26322-A09
merged_vp1_CO1_899	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Sarcoptiformes;Brachychthoniidae;NA;Brachychthoniidae sp. BOLD:AAL7933
merged_vp1_CO1_1082	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;NA;NA;NA;Arachnida sp. SHSY140804a
merged_vp1_CO1_313	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ascidae;NA;Ascidae sp. BIOUG16010-D06
forward_vp1_CO1_780	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Selenopidae;Selenops;Selenops sp. n. 13 SCC-2010
merged_vp1_CO1_605	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Selenopidae;Selenops;Selenops sp. n. 10 SCC-2010
merged_vp1_CO1_1086	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;Carrhotus;Carrhotus sp. 2 QC-2016
merged_vp1_CO1_419	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Agelenidae;Tegenaria;Tegenaria rothi
merged_vp1_CO1_326	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_937	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_CO1_14	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_620	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Lumbricidae;Aporrectodea;Aporrectodea rosea
merged_vp1_CO1_513	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Lumbricidae;Aporrectodea;Aporrectodea rosea
forward_vp1_CO1_638	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;Fridericia;
merged_vp1_CO1_1125	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;Enchytraeus;Enchytraeus albidus
forward_vp1_CO1_550	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_736	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_165	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_382	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_455	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_616	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_620	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_754	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_757	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_882	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_889	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1052	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1202	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1278	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1472	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_126	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp1_CO1_1015	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp1_CO1_1023	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp1_CO1_210	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;;;Haramonas;Haramonas dimorpha
merged_vp1_CO1_481	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;;;Haramonas;Haramonas dimorpha
forward_vp1_CO1_629	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Laminariales;Laminariaceae;Laminaria;Laminaria solidungula
merged_vp1_CO1_29	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp1_CO1_51	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp1_CO1_462	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp1_CO1_861	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
forward_vp1_CO1_305	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
forward_vp1_CO1_461	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
forward_vp1_CO1_761	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_1405	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp1_CO1_999	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;
forward_vp1_CO1_72	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_87	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_321	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_340	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_401	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_460	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_760	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_787	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_205	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Microspongium;Microspongium alariae
merged_vp1_CO1_426	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Hecatonema;Hecatonema maculans
forward_vp1_CO1_43	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp1_CO1_168	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp1_CO1_874	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
merged_vp1_CO1_934	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;Chordariaceae sp. 8 AP-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_82	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;Chordariaceae sp. 10 AP-2014
merged_vp1_CO1_1182	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;Chordariaceae sp. 1 AP-2016
merged_vp1_CO1_376	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1216	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1379	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1431	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_254	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_528	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_661	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_88	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp1_CO1_171	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp1_CO1_552	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
merged_vp1_CO1_107	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp1_CO1_439	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_919	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_461	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_511	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1320	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1158	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia turfosa
merged_vp1_CO1_1188	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia terrestris
merged_vp1_CO1_45	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;
merged_vp1_CO1_169	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;
merged_vp1_CO1_1450	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Aphanomyces;Aphanomyces cladogamus
merged_vp1_CO1_809	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Aphanomyces;
merged_vp1_CO1_666	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
merged_vp1_CO1_752	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
merged_vp1_CO1_970	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
forward_vp1_CO1_980	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_598	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_662	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_379	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium ultimum
merged_vp1_CO1_898	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sulcatum
merged_vp1_CO1_957	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp1_CO1_1443	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium cedri
forward_vp1_CO1_138	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp1_CO1_338	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp1_CO1_434	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp1_CO1_699	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_278	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_285	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_398	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_402	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_625	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_710	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_802	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_874	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_901	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_911	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_912	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_937	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_1356	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_1384	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_96	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium vexans
merged_vp1_CO1_223	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_406	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_951	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_1087	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_1102	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp1_CO1_93	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp1_CO1_996	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium helicoides
merged_vp1_CO1_32	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium boreale
merged_vp1_CO1_50	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium boreale
merged_vp1_CO1_67	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_356	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_1116	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp1_CO1_714	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Halophytophthora;Halophytophthora avicenniae
merged_vp1_CO1_192	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium acanthophoron
merged_vp1_CO1_684	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium acanthophoron
forward_vp1_CO1_788	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_114	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1143	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1432	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1507	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_474	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_525	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. glovera
merged_vp1_CO1_1368	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. glovera
merged_vp1_CO1_1168	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora oleae
forward_vp1_CO1_89	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_97	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_386	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_701	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_877	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_878	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp1_CO1_933	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_73	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_197	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_270	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_358	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_381	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_383	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_420	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_569	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_1105	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_1161	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp1_CO1_1010	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Nothophytophthora;Nothophytophthora caduca
merged_vp1_CO1_786	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Hyaloperonospora;
forward_vp1_CO1_79	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_282	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_347	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_505	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_543	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_593	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_803	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1463	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
forward_vp1_CO1_128	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Myzocytiopsidales;Myzocytiopsidaceae;Myzocytiopsis;Myzocytiopsis sp. venatrix
forward_vp1_CO1_327	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Myzocytiopsidales;Myzocytiopsidaceae;Myzocytiopsis;Myzocytiopsis sp. venatrix
merged_vp1_CO1_1070	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Leptomitales;;Apodachlya;Apodachlya brachynema
forward_vp1_CO1_187	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;Lagenidiaceae;Lagenidium;
forward_vp1_CO1_181	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_186	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_329	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_396	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_442	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_463	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_489	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_685	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_689	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_847	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_870	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_873	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_932	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_65	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_94	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_198	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_204	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_220	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_224	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_237	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_280	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_297	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_493	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_516	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_599	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_637	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_644	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_658	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_841	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_868	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_919	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1152	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1173	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1250	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1257	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1263	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1323	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1332	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1370	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1433	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1468	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_564	Eukaryota;;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;Nannochloropsis gaditana
merged_vp1_CO1_755	Eukaryota;;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;
merged_vp1_CO1_454	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Suessiales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_698	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Suessiales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_649	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gonyaulacales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_779	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1264	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_988	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
forward_vp1_CO1_422	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;
merged_vp1_CO1_633	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;
merged_vp1_CO1_1226	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;
merged_vp1_CO1_467	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_501	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_671	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_548	Eukaryota;;;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1203	Eukaryota;;;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1453	Eukaryota;;;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_621	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
merged_vp1_CO1_239	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp1_CO1_577	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp1_CO1_888	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp1_CO1_1043	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp1_CO1_175	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;;Parvamoeba;Parvamoeba rugata
merged_vp1_CO1_135	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp1_CO1_506	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp1_CO1_581	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp1_CO1_994	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp1_CO1_1449	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp1_CO1_1160	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Vannella;Vannella sp.
merged_vp1_CO1_1352	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Ripella;
merged_vp1_CO1_229	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp1_CO1_716	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp1_CO1_724	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp1_CO1_876	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
forward_vp1_CO1_23	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_25	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_32	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_44	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_70	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_115	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_190	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_234	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_235	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_282	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_306	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_357	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_376	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_404	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_428	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_433	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_455	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_458	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_486	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_512	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_516	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_517	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_602	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_667	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_859	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_887	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_906	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_907	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_914	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_947	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_957	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_CO1_959	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_2	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_13	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_59	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_85	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_103	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_108	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_110	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_143	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_215	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_218	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_248	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_258	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_292	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_302	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_305	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_355	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_365	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_385	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_425	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_438	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_464	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_471	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_492	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_500	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_503	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_546	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_557	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_594	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_676	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_680	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_706	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_751	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_857	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_865	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_869	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_875	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_918	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_933	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_938	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_942	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_945	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_952	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1011	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1077	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1097	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1109	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1157	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1186	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1193	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1228	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1230	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1237	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1251	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1270	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1279	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1321	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1357	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1365	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1369	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1404	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1409	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1417	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1427	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1457	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1462	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1467	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1492	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_7	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_21	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp1_CO1_22	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_CO1_1217	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rickettsiales;Rickettsiaceae;Rickettsia;Rickettsia endosymbiont of Macrolophus sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_305	Eukaryota;Zoopagomycota;Basidiobolomycetes;Basidiobolales;Basidiobolaceae;Basidiobolus;Basidiobolus haptosporus
merged_vp1_Batra_683	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
merged_vp1_Batra_959	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1342	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
merged_vp1_Batra_840	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Tortitaenia;Tortitaenia obscura
unmerged_vp1_Batra_119	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Tortitaenia;Tortitaenia obscura
merged_vp1_Batra_539	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_590	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Staurastrum;Staurastrum punctulatum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1350	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Staurastrum;Staurastrum punctulatum
forward_vp1_Batra_283	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
merged_vp1_Batra_232	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1353	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1354	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1355	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Takakiopsida;Takakiales;Takakiaceae;Takakia;Takakia lepidozioides
merged_vp1_Batra_1011	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Polypodiopsida;Salviniales;Marsileaceae;Pilularia;Pilularia americana
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1285	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Polypodiopsida;Salviniales;Marsileaceae;Pilularia;Pilularia americana
unmerged_vp1_Batra_353	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;NA;Santalales;Loranthaceae;Helixanthera;Helixanthera kirkii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_115	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Lycopodiopsida;Selaginellales;Selaginellaceae;Selaginella;Selaginella moellendorffii
merged_vp1_Batra_446	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Lycopodiopsida;Isoetales;Isoetaceae;Isoetes;
forward_vp1_Batra_357	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
unmerged_vp1_Batra_341	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
merged_vp1_Batra_1105	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Thurniaceae;Thurnia;Thurnia sphaerocephala
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1244	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Thurniaceae;Thurnia;Thurnia sphaerocephala
merged_vp1_Batra_987	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1257	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1258	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1337	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Cyperaceae;Cyperus;Cyperus alternifolius
merged_vp1_Batra_21	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1124	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_780	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
merged_vp1_Batra_963	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1303	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1304	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1360	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Jungermanniopsida;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_974	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Rosales;Rosaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_459	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Pinales;Pinaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_571	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Pinales;Pinaceae;;
forward_vp1_Batra_352	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
merged_vp1_Batra_168	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
merged_vp1_Batra_1181	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1282	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_334	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Ericales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_640	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
merged_vp1_Batra_675	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_362	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_351	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;;
forward_vp1_Batra_25	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_219	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_298	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_533	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_141	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_143	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_179	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_183	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_359	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_365	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_599	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_653	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_691	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_860	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_979	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1110	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1128	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1232	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1328	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1329	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_24	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_59	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_101	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_117	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_118	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_120	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_335	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_352	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_354	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_355	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_359	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_361	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_363	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_364	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1340	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1344	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1347	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1348	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1349	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1352	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1356	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1357	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1358	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1359	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1361	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_450	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gelidiales;Gelidiaceae;Gelidium;
merged_vp1_Batra_238	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gelidiales;Gelidiaceae;Gelidium;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1290	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Ceramiaceae;Seirospora;Seirospora interrupta
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1289	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Ceramiaceae;Euptilota;Euptilota formosissima
merged_vp1_Batra_383	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1284	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_511	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Porphyridiales;Porphyridiaceae;Porphyridium;
merged_vp1_Batra_236	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Porphyridiales;Porphyridiaceae;Porphyridium;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1291	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_648	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Stichotrichida;Spirofilidae;Stichotricha;Stichotricha aculeata
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1128	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Stichotrichida;Spirofilidae;Stichotricha;Stichotricha aculeata
merged_vp1_Batra_522	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Stylonychia;Stylonychia lemnae
merged_vp1_Batra_787	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Stylonychia;Stylonychia lemnae
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1159	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Stylonychia;Stylonychia lemnae
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1125	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Oxytricha;Oxytricha sp. Misty
merged_vp1_Batra_421	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Hemiurosomoida;Hemiurosomoida longa
merged_vp1_Batra_315	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1154	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1155	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
forward_vp1_Batra_26	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_262	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_380	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_421	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_536	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_608	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_15	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_113	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_324	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_344	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_352	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_420	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_429	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_554	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_625	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_746	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_805	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_884	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
reverse_vp1_Batra_39	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_398	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1130	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1132	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1136	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1137	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1140	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1143	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1145	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1146	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1147	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp1_Batra_607	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
merged_vp1_Batra_193	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
unmerged_vp1_Batra_633	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
unmerged_vp1_Batra_634	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
merged_vp1_Batra_637	Eukaryota;NA;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Loxocephalidae;Cardiostomatella;Cardiostomatella vermiformis
merged_vp1_Batra_1199	Eukaryota;NA;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Loxocephalidae;Cardiostomatella;Cardiostomatella vermiformis
merged_vp1_Batra_783	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Tritrichomonadida;Tritrichomonadidae;Tritrichomonas;Tritrichomonas augusta
unmerged_vp1_Batra_721	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Tritrichomonadida;Tritrichomonadidae;Tritrichomonas;Tritrichomonas augusta
merged_vp1_Batra_825	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
merged_vp1_Batra_1028	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1875	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1876	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
merged_vp1_Batra_399	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_29	Eukaryota;NA;Litostomatea;NA;Amylovoracidae;Bitricha;Bitricha tasmaniensis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_30	Eukaryota;NA;Litostomatea;NA;Amylovoracidae;Bitricha;Bitricha tasmaniensis
merged_vp1_Batra_819	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
merged_vp1_Batra_1264	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
unmerged_vp1_Batra_666	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
unmerged_vp1_Batra_667	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
unmerged_vp1_Batra_668	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
merged_vp1_Batra_739	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp1_Batra_1347	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp1_Batra_643	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Woodruffiidae;Kuklikophrya;Kuklikophrya ougandae
merged_vp1_Batra_744	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Pseudocyrtolophosis;Pseudocyrtolophosis alpestris
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1163	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Pseudocyrtolophosis;Pseudocyrtolophosis alpestris
merged_vp1_Batra_761	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Cyrtolophosis;Cyrtolophosis mucicola
merged_vp1_Batra_469	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Colpodida;Marynidae;Ilsiella;Ilsiella palustris
unmerged_vp1_Batra_673	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Colpodida;Marynidae;Ilsiella;Ilsiella palustris
merged_vp1_Batra_177	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
merged_vp1_Batra_719	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Bryometopida;Kreyellidae;Microdiaphanosoma;Microdiaphanosoma arcuatum
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1161	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Bryometopida;Kreyellidae;Microdiaphanosoma;Microdiaphanosoma arcuatum
reverse_vp1_Batra_102	Eukaryota;Mucoromycota;Glomeromycetes;Glomerales;Glomeraceae;Glomus;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2086	Eukaryota;Euglenida;NA;Euglenales;NA;Colacium;Colacium sp. MI04
unmerged_vp1_Batra_12	Eukaryota;Euglenida;NA;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
forward_vp1_Batra_39	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
forward_vp1_Batra_436	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
merged_vp1_Batra_26	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
reverse_vp1_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_11	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
forward_vp1_Batra_166	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
merged_vp1_Batra_45	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1269	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1270	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1271	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
forward_vp1_Batra_61	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
forward_vp1_Batra_341	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
forward_vp1_Batra_358	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
forward_vp1_Batra_422	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_30	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_402	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_406	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_423	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_432	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_473	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_665	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_841	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_992	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_106	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_107	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_108	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_311	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_326	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_680	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_681	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp1_Batra_682	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp1_Batra_465	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_850	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1280	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
forward_vp1_Batra_313	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_82	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_479	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_535	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_1045	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_1270	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_312	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_327	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_328	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_329	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_331	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_332	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_333	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_883	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
forward_vp1_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_19	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_54	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_69	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_84	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_103	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_108	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_114	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_123	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_133	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_135	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_141	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_142	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_145	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_147	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_153	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_158	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_174	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_176	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_177	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_179	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_180	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_183	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_188	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_190	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_192	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_193	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_200	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_210	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_225	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_231	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_236	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_241	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_251	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_252	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_255	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_256	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_258	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_261	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_271	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_273	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_285	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_286	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_292	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_340	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_345	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_350	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_355	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_364	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_382	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_405	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_415	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_424	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_431	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_440	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_444	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_445	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_454	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_455	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_487	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_488	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_489	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_490	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_499	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_549	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_553	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_555	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_556	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_557	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_558	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_559	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_569	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_578	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_582	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_583	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_588	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_38	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_87	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_89	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_103	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_110	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_120	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_197	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_226	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_244	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_270	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_272	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp1_Batra_291	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_23	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_27	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_52	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_64	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_71	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_73	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_106	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_107	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_137	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_138	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp1_Batra_141	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_8	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_41	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_46	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_51	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_53	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_58	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_77	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_81	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_94	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_97	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_113	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_151	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_194	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_198	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_212	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_313	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_319	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_365	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_366	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_375	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_378	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_404	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_416	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_511	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_513	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_603	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_604	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_606	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_611	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_617	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_618	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_627	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_653	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_663	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_674	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_690	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_701	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_706	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_718	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_732	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_775	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_776	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_824	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_845	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_876	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_885	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_887	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_898	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_902	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_903	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_916	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_949	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1028	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1168	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1170	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1176	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1192	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1200	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1202	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1217	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1224	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1234	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1242	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1259	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1263	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1276	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1278	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1292	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1302	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1309	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1312	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1397	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1409	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1413	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1426	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1427	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1428	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1457	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1464	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1474	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1487	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1640	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1643	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1646	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1651	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1653	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1654	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1655	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1658	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1659	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1661	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1662	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1663	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1664	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1669	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1671	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1672	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1677	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1679	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1680	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1681	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1682	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1683	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1685	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1686	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1687	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1689	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1692	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1695	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1696	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1697	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1698	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1700	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1702	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1703	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1705	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1708	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1709	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1712	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1713	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1715	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1728	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1744	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1756	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1762	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1767	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1784	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1802	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1820	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1824	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1826	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1837	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1859	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1871	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1891	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1898	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1901	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1907	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1919	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1933	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1939	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2021	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2039	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2045	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2050	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2052	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2059	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2061	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2064	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2088	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp1_Batra_263	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Gorilla;Gorilla gorilla
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1652	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;;
forward_vp1_Batra_518	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Cercopithecidae;Papio;Papio anubis
merged_vp1_Batra_512	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Cercopithecidae;Papio;Papio anubis
merged_vp1_Batra_595	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
merged_vp1_Batra_1145	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
reverse_vp1_Batra_132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Phacochoerus;Phacochoerus africanus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1725	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Phacochoerus;Phacochoerus africanus
merged_vp1_Batra_899	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Bovidae;Bos;Bos taurus
forward_vp1_Batra_374	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
merged_vp1_Batra_73	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1815	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1817	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1818	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
merged_vp1_Batra_281	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;Fringillidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_304	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_647	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_680	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_72	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_112	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_129	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1221	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_189	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Meleagris;Meleagris gallopavo
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1717	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Meleagris;Meleagris gallopavo
forward_vp1_Batra_606	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp1_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1812	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1813	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1814	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp1_Batra_718	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Columbiformes;Columbidae;Streptopelia;Streptopelia decaocto
merged_vp1_Batra_393	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Columbiformes;Columbidae;Columba;Columba livia
merged_vp1_Batra_336	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Charadriiformes;Scolopacidae;Gallinago;Gallinago gallinago
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1716	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Charadriiformes;Scolopacidae;Gallinago;Gallinago gallinago
merged_vp1_Batra_230	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;Anas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1719	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;Anas;
reverse_vp1_Batra_84	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Rhacophoridae;Polypedates;Polypedates cruciger
forward_vp1_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_11	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_12	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_18	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_20	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_27	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_29	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_32	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_34	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_38	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_41	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_44	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_52	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_53	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_55	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_57	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_58	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_59	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_60	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_62	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_63	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_64	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_65	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_66	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_71	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_73	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_75	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_80	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_85	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_87	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_89	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_91	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_94	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_99	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_101	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_107	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_118	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_120	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_129	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_136	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_137	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_143	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_144	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_146	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_155	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_157	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_162	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_163	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_164	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_165	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_170	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_171	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_172	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_175	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_182	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_191	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_195	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_198	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_199	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_207	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_211	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_213	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_230	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_232	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_233	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_237	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_243	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_246	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_249	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_257	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_272	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_275	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_276	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_278	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_280	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_284	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_299	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_300	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_305	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_308	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_310	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_312	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_330	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_334	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_335	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_337	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_339	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_346	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_356	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_359	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_369	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_373	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_375	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_379	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_381	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_391	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_408	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_412	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_425	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_426	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_430	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_447	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_453	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_467	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_471	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_472	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_476	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_483	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_493	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_512	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_513	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_514	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_523	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_526	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_529	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_534	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_540	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_546	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_548	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_552	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_571	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_573	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_576	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_577	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_581	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_584	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_597	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_598	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_203	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_276	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_347	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp1_Batra_496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_3	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_8	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_19	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_21	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_32	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_42	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_51	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_75	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_78	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_89	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_90	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_95	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_108	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_110	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_121	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_123	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_131	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp1_Batra_136	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_7	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_15	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_25	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_39	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_42	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_43	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_50	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_52	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_54	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_55	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_63	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_65	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_66	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_68	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_80	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_93	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_98	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_99	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_102	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_121	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_134	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_150	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_161	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_182	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_211	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_217	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_229	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_255	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_273	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_281	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_284	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_290	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_292	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_299	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_301	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_306	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_309	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_318	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_336	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_338	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_342	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_343	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_344	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_345	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_367	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_372	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_380	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_382	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_383	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_384	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_387	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_403	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_415	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_425	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_449	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_512	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_521	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_537	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_557	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_562	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_583	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_589	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_598	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_602	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_605	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_609	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_612	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_615	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_616	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_620	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_622	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_623	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_624	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_626	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_662	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_669	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_675	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_689	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_695	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_703	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_704	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_705	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_707	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_709	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_713	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_716	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_720	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_722	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_723	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_725	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_726	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_727	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_731	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_737	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_755	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_759	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_763	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_767	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_781	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_783	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_785	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_787	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_790	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_797	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_804	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_809	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_811	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_819	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_823	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_830	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_835	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_840	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_842	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_849	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_857	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_858	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_875	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_878	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_897	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_901	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_915	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_935	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_948	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_966	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1007	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1027	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1031	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1034	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1041	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1043	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1057	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1082	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1103	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1119	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1171	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1173	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1175	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1177	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1178	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1180	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1181	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1182	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1194	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1203	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1205	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1209	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1211	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1223	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1232	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1233	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1240	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1241	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1245	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1249	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1251	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1261	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1277	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1279	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1293	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1305	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1308	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1334	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1337	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1366	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1386	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1387	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1392	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1399	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1401	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1402	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1405	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1407	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1408	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1411	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1414	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1415	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1418	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1423	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1424	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1429	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1430	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1454	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1455	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1456	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1458	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1461	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1467	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1471	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1473	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1479	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1480	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1481	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1482	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1483	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1486	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1491	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1493	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1494	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1498	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1499	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1501	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1503	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1504	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1505	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1508	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1510	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1511	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1514	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1515	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1516	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1518	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1527	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1529	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1530	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1531	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1532	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1533	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1535	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1536	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1539	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1540	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1544	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1547	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1550	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1551	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1552	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1554	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1555	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1556	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1557	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1558	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1561	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1562	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1565	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1566	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1570	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1572	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1573	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1574	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1576	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1577	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1578	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1579	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1580	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1583	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1584	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1585	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1586	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1587	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1588	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1589	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1590	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1591	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1592	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1596	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1597	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1600	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1601	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1602	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1603	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1604	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1605	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1606	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1607	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1610	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1611	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1612	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1613	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1615	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1616	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1617	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1618	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1619	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1620	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1621	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1622	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1623	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1625	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1626	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1627	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1628	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1629	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1630	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1632	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1634	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1635	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1636	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1637	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1638	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1639	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1645	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1647	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1723	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1726	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1729	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1733	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1736	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1739	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1743	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1746	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1748	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1749	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1751	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1753	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1754	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1755	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1757	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1759	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1760	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1761	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1765	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1766	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1768	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1769	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1770	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1771	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1773	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1774	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1778	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1783	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1785	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1789	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1791	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1794	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1798	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1801	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1804	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1825	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1828	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1829	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1830	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1831	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1832	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1833	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1834	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1835	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1836	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1839	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1853	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1854	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1856	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1861	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1864	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1872	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1873	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1874	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1877	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1878	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1879	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1880	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1881	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1883	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1886	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1888	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1892	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1893	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1894	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1896	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1897	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1899	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1902	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1906	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1913	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1914	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1916	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1922	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1924	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1925	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1928	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1929	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1935	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1937	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1942	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1943	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1944	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1945	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1955	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1959	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1965	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1968	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1969	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1974	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1976	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1979	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1983	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1985	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1988	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1989	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1992	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1997	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1999	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2009	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2019	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2030	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2032	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2033	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2034	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2035	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2036	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2037	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2038	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2041	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2043	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2044	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2048	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2049	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2053	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2054	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2056	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2057	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2058	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2060	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2068	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2071	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2073	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2075	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2078	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2082	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2083	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2084	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2087	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp1_Batra_98	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp1_Batra_113	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp1_Batra_194	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp1_Batra_368	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp1_Batra_535	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_13	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_26	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_61	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_68	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_70	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_76	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_92	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_93	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_94	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_103	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_105	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_109	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_134	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp1_Batra_143	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp1_Batra_21	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp1_Batra_516	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp1_Batra_550	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp1_Batra_551	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
merged_vp1_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1807	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1808	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1811	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
merged_vp1_Batra_440	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Bufonidae;Anaxyrus;Anaxyrus boreas
forward_vp1_Batra_248	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cyprinodontiformes;NA;Laimosemion;Laimosemion tecminae
reverse_vp1_Batra_53	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_25	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1982	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1150	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Prasiolales;Prasiolaceae;Prasiola;Prasiola crispa
merged_vp1_Batra_1335	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_356	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp1_Batra_633	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1336	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp1_Batra_134	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Crustomastigaceae;Crustomastix;Crustomastix stigmatica
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1934	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Crustomastigaceae;Crustomastix;Crustomastix stigmatica
merged_vp1_Batra_462	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1855	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
forward_vp1_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_106	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_112	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_148	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_161	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_185	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_228	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_343	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_353	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_410	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_411	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_458	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_459	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_473	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp1_Batra_484	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
merged_vp1_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp1_Batra_12	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp1_Batra_46	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp1_Batra_66	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp1_Batra_85	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp1_Batra_99	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_3	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_32	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_79	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_103	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_144	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_152	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_223	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_282	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_286	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_304	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_315	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_427	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_435	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_505	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_599	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_610	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_619	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_734	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_794	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1073	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1195	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1212	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1235	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1236	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1243	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1256	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1265	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1275	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1310	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1365	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1403	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1459	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1462	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1470	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1477	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1740	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1745	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1747	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1781	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1790	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1822	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1844	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1847	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1848	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1849	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1850	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1851	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1887	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1889	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1890	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1903	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1904	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1915	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1918	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1960	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1978	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1980	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1986	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1995	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2007	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2047	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2051	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2074	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp1_Batra_2085	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
merged_vp1_Batra_312	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
merged_vp1_Batra_245	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
reverse_vp1_Batra_41	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_57	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_687	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_754	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1169	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1183	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1184	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1191	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1201	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1412	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1431	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1644	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1742	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1797	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1823	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1900	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
merged_vp1_Batra_822	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
merged_vp1_Batra_1208	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
merged_vp1_Batra_1214	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
merged_vp1_Batra_1304	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
forward_vp1_Batra_238	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_Batra_349	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_Batra_446	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp1_Batra_531	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1449	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp1_Batra_7	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_201	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_306	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_307	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_331	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_414	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_465	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_539	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_66	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_511	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_86	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_193	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_197	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_209	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_317	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_373	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_401	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_402	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1432	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1433	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1435	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1440	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1441	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1442	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1443	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1444	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1447	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1448	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1450	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1451	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1452	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_969	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Berkeleyaceae;Berkeleya;Berkeleya fennica
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1827	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Berkeleyaceae;Berkeleya;Berkeleya fennica
merged_vp1_Batra_360	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Amphipleuraceae;Halamphora;Halamphora calidilacuna
merged_vp1_Batra_577	Eukaryota;;Synurophyceae;Synurales;Mallomonadaceae;Synura;Synura uvella
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1364	Eukaryota;;Synurophyceae;Synurales;Mallomonadaceae;Synura;Synura uvella
merged_vp1_Batra_934	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Urostylida;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1188	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Urostylida;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_986	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Hemiurosomoida;Hemiurosomoida longa
forward_vp1_Batra_206	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_119	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_784	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_792	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_683	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1122	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_912	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria grandinella
forward_vp1_Batra_24	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_184	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_333	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_601	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_17	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_70	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_435	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_529	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_545	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_63	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1127	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1129	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1148	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1149	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1151	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1152	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1153	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1157	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1158	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_670	Eukaryota;;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Chilodonella;Chilodonella uncinata
unmerged_vp1_Batra_635	Eukaryota;;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;;
forward_vp1_Batra_600	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Philasteridae;Philaster;
merged_vp1_Batra_166	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Philasteridae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1130	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Loxocephalidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_395	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_28	Eukaryota;;Nassophorea;Microthoracida;Pseudomicrothoracidae;Pseudomicrothorax;Pseudomicrothorax dubius
merged_vp1_Batra_303	Eukaryota;;Katablepharidophyta;;Katablepharidaceae;Katablepharis;Katablepharis japonica
merged_vp1_Batra_1087	Eukaryota;;Heterotrichea;Heterotrichida;Blepharismidae;Blepharisma;
merged_vp1_Batra_1311	Eukaryota;;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
merged_vp1_Batra_1364	Eukaryota;;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1174	Eukaryota;;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
forward_vp1_Batra_134	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
forward_vp1_Batra_138	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_77	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_242	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_259	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_416	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_508	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_804	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_1078	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_638	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_649	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_650	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_655	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_656	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp1_Batra_659	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp1_Batra_71	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_654	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_660	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_442	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;Echinidinium;Echinidinium sp. EP-2016a
merged_vp1_Batra_1231	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;Echinidinium;Echinidinium sp. EP-2016a
forward_vp1_Batra_197	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_293	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_367	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_565	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_63	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_140	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_171	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_275	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_339	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_689	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_771	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1266	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_636	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_637	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_639	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_640	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_642	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_643	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_652	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_658	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1162	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_671	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
merged_vp1_Batra_81	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_732	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1030	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1165	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_278	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;Caenomorpha;Caenomorpha medusula
merged_vp1_Batra_412	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_872	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
merged_vp1_Batra_1290	Eukaryota;;;Glissomonadida;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_309	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp1_Batra_520	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_284	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_427	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_711	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_802	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_823	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_849	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1068	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1129	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_44	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp1_Batra_79	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_621	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_628	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_630	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_632	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1139	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1287	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1339	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1819	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_770	Bacteria;Verrucomicrobia;Opitutae;Opitutales;Opitutaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1821	Bacteria;Tenericutes;Mollicutes;Entomoplasmatales;Spiroplasmataceae;Spiroplasma;
merged_vp1_Batra_1057	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Xanthomonadales;Xanthomonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_926	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Thiotrichales;Thiotrichaceae;Thiomargarita;Candidatus Thiomargarita nelsonii
merged_vp1_Batra_1229	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Thiotrichales;Francisellaceae;Francisella;
merged_vp1_Batra_1144	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_1044	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Legionellales;Legionellaceae;Legionella;
merged_vp1_Batra_1132	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Legionellales;Legionellaceae;Legionella;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1381	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Legionellales;Legionellaceae;Legionella;
merged_vp1_Batra_269	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1368	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1369	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1370	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1371	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1389	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Alteromonadales;Pseudoalteromonadaceae;Pseudoalteromonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1390	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Alteromonadales;Pseudoalteromonadaceae;Pseudoalteromonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_717	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1041	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1287	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1330	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1234	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Sulfuricurvum;
merged_vp1_Batra_975	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Arcobacter;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1388	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Arcobacter;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1981	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Arcobacter;
forward_vp1_Batra_443	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylotenera;Methylotenera versatilis
merged_vp1_Batra_608	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylotenera;Methylotenera versatilis
merged_vp1_Batra_852	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylophilus;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1383	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylophilus;
forward_vp1_Batra_417	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
merged_vp1_Batra_301	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1376	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1378	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1379	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
merged_vp1_Batra_735	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1297	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Kingella;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1882	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Neisseriaceae;Kingella;
merged_vp1_Batra_1061	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Chromobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1372	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Chromobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1331	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Undibacterium;
merged_vp1_Batra_1134	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Oxalicibacterium;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1333	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia;
forward_vp1_Batra_407	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_316	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1007	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1332	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
forward_vp1_Batra_438	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Variovorax;
merged_vp1_Batra_198	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Variovorax;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1319	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Acidovorax;Acidovorax sp.
merged_vp1_Batra_810	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Acidovorax;
forward_vp1_Batra_464	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_117	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_296	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1015	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1065	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1316	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1317	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1318	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1322	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1325	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_788	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1384	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
merged_vp1_Batra_287	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;
merged_vp1_Batra_859	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1385	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;
merged_vp1_Batra_1165	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Limnobacter;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1367	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Limnobacter;
merged_vp1_Batra_747	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Lautropia;Lautropia sp. oral clone AP009
merged_vp1_Batra_392	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1324	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_389	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1320	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1323	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1326	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1327	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1330	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1373	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_576	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_724	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_939	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1382	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_828	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;Sphingomonas;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1404	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;Sphingomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_1244	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;Sandarakinorhabdus;
merged_vp1_Batra_292	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1001	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1393	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1421	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1359	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;Azospirillum;Azospirillum sp. NCCP-699
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1930	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1218	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Acetobacteraceae;Roseomonas;
merged_vp1_Batra_827	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_909	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_940	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1023	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_399	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1311	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1313	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_712	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;Rhizobiaceae;Rhizobium;Rhizobium naphthalenivorans
merged_vp1_Batra_1196	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;Bradyrhizobiaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1286	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_889	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1300	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1349	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1326	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;;;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1923	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;;;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1344	Bacteria;NA;Candidatus Babeliae;Candidatus Babeliales;Candidatus Babeliaceae;Candidatus Babela;Candidatus Babela massiliensis
merged_vp1_Batra_1010	Bacteria;Fusobacteria;Fusobacteriia;Fusobacteriales;Fusobacteriaceae;Cetobacterium;Cetobacterium somerae
reverse_vp1_Batra_111	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Lactobacillus;
merged_vp1_Batra_905	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Paenibacillaceae;Paenibacillus;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1172	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Paenibacillaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1223	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;Synechococcaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1348	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;Coelosphaeriaceae;Woronichinia;
merged_vp1_Batra_481	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_654	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1056	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1316	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;Thermanaerothrix;Thermanaerothrix daxensis
merged_vp1_Batra_890	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1346	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1338	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1281	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;Waddliaceae;Waddlia;Waddlia sp. G817
merged_vp1_Batra_1314	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;Simkaniaceae;NA;Chlamydiales symbiont of Xenoturbella westbladi
merged_vp1_Batra_1282	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;;;
unmerged_vp1_Batra_1468	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;;;
merged_vp1_Batra_1277	Bacteria;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_34	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_35	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_151	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_206	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_249	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_480	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_542	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_815	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_943	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_977	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_984	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_985	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Mesotaeniaceae;Roya;Roya obtusa
forward_vp2_CO1_197	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Trichocercidae;Trichocerca;Trichocerca stylata
forward_vp2_CO1_13	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_120	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_210	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_301	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_363	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_390	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_510	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_772	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_825	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_827	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_828	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
forward_vp2_CO1_955	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp2_CO1_15	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp2_CO1_135	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra vulgaris
merged_vp2_CO1_1481	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra sp. WM-2017c
merged_vp2_CO1_959	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra sp. WM-2017a
forward_vp2_CO1_9	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_12	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_31	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_52	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_148	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_155	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_163	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_254	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_296	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_297	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_298	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_447	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_511	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_664	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_724	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_801	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_816	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_838	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_839	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_841	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_842	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_843	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_853	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_854	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_857	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
merged_vp2_CO1_1149	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
merged_vp2_CO1_1358	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Synchaetidae;Polyarthra;Polyarthra dolichoptera complex sp. UO-2013
forward_vp2_CO1_878	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Keratella;Keratella cochlearis
merged_vp2_CO1_320	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Euchlanis;Euchlanis dilatata
merged_vp2_CO1_4	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus calyciflorus
merged_vp2_CO1_299	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;Brachionidae;Brachionus;Brachionus calyciflorus
merged_vp2_CO1_3	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_768	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Monogononta;Ploima;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1117	Eukaryota;Rotifera;Bdelloidea;;;Rotaria;Rotaria rotatoria
merged_vp2_CO1_1132	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Rhodymeniales;Faucheaceae;Gloiocladia;Gloiocladia japonica
merged_vp2_CO1_107	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Plocamiales;Sarcodiaceae;Sarcodia;Sarcodia sp. 1Aus
merged_vp2_CO1_1014	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Plocamiales;Sarcodiaceae;Sarcodia;Sarcodia sp. 1Aus
forward_vp2_CO1_876	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Nemaliales;Galaxauraceae;Dichotomaria;Dichotomaria marginata
forward_vp2_CO1_592	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Hapalidiales;Hapalidiaceae;Synarthrophyton;Synarthrophyton chejuense
merged_vp2_CO1_725	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gracilariales;Gracilariaceae;Gracilaria;
merged_vp2_CO1_297	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Hypneaceae;Hypnea;Hypnea cornuta
forward_vp2_CO1_336	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Gigartinaceae;Gigartina;Gigartina pistillata
merged_vp2_CO1_991	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Gigartinaceae;Gigartina;Gigartina pistillata
merged_vp2_CO1_1400	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gigartinales;Cystocloniaceae;Cystoclonium;Cystoclonium purpureum
forward_vp2_CO1_986	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Gelidiales;Gelidiaceae;Ptilophora;Ptilophora hildebrandtii
merged_vp2_CO1_558	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Corallinales;Corallinaceae;Jania;Jania rosea
unmerged_vp2_CO1_8	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Corallinales;Corallinaceae;Haliptilon;Haliptilon subulatum
merged_vp2_CO1_140	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Palisada;Palisada tenerrima
merged_vp2_CO1_1429	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Ohelopapa;Ohelopapa flexilis
forward_vp2_CO1_360	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Herposiphonia;Herposiphonia sp. ARS-2011
merged_vp2_CO1_1023	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Rhodomelaceae;Digenea;Digenea arenahauriens
forward_vp2_CO1_905	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Delesseriaceae;Polyneuropsis;Polyneuropsis stolonifera
unmerged_vp2_CO1_19	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Delesseriaceae;Membranoptera;Membranoptera tenuis
merged_vp2_CO1_831	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Delesseriaceae;Membranoptera;Membranoptera fabriciana
forward_vp2_CO1_374	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_102	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_174	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_471	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1254	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1452	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Pyropia;Pyropia orbicularis
forward_vp2_CO1_671	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Pyropia;Pyropia haitanensis
merged_vp2_CO1_308	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Pyropia;Pyropia haitanensis
merged_vp2_CO1_801	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Porphyra;Porphyra sp. CHE
merged_vp2_CO1_1191	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Bangiales;Bangiaceae;Porphyra;Porphyra corallicola
merged_vp2_CO1_739	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_103	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tetractinellida;Scleritodermidae;Aciculites;Aciculites sp. GW5587
merged_vp2_CO1_763	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Tethyida;Tethyidae;Tethya;Tethya aurantium
merged_vp2_CO1_950	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Poecilosclerida;Microcionidae;Clathria;Clathria reinwardti
merged_vp2_CO1_966	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Desmacellida;Desmacellidae;Desmacella;Desmacella cf. annexa BELUM<GBR> Mc4240
merged_vp2_CO1_1069	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Desmacellida;Desmacellidae;Desmacella;Desmacella cf. annexa BELUM<GBR> Mc4240
merged_vp2_CO1_1479	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Bubarida;Dictyonellidae;Scopalina;Scopalina ruetzleri
merged_vp2_CO1_704	Eukaryota;Porifera;Demospongiae;Axinellida;Raspailiidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_388	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_502	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_577	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_722	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_810	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_932	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_1413	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;Aphelenchoididae;Bursaphelenchus;Bursaphelenchus cocophilus
merged_vp2_CO1_1190	Eukaryota;Nematoda;Chromadorea;Rhabditida;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_566	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Synurales;Mallomonadaceae;Synura;Synura synuroidea
merged_vp2_CO1_16	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp2_CO1_244	Eukaryota;NA;Synurophyceae;Ochromonadales;Ochromonadaceae;Cornospumella;Cornospumella fuschlensis
merged_vp2_CO1_172	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_433	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_1187	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_1365	Eukaryota;NA;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_148	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp2_CO1_556	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp2_CO1_621	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;NA;NA;Asteronema;Asteronema ferruginea
forward_vp2_CO1_559	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Laminariales;Laminariaceae;Macrocystis;Macrocystis pyrifera
forward_vp2_CO1_293	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
forward_vp2_CO1_361	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
forward_vp2_CO1_460	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
forward_vp2_CO1_630	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp2_CO1_519	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp2_CO1_293	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Hydroclathrus;Hydroclathrus stephanosorus
merged_vp2_CO1_1258	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Colpomenia;Colpomenia sp. 1WA
merged_vp2_CO1_296	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Colpomenia;Colpomenia sinuosa
merged_vp2_CO1_686	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Colpomenia;Colpomenia sinuosa
merged_vp2_CO1_1173	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Colpomenia;Colpomenia sinuosa
forward_vp2_CO1_167	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Ectocarpaceae;Ectocarpus;Ectocarpus siliculosus
merged_vp2_CO1_154	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Sauvageaugloia;Sauvageaugloia divaricata
merged_vp2_CO1_576	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;NA;Chordariaceae sp. 7 AP-2014
merged_vp2_CO1_1066	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;NA;Chordariaceae sp. 4 AP-2016
merged_vp2_CO1_207	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Microspongium;Microspongium alariae
merged_vp2_CO1_1068	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Laminarionema;Laminarionema elsbetiae
merged_vp2_CO1_476	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Eudesme;Eudesme shandongensis
merged_vp2_CO1_191	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Acinetosporaceae;NA;Acinetosporaceae sp. 4 AP-2014
merged_vp2_CO1_55	Eukaryota;NA;Phaeophyceae;Cutleriales;Cutleriaceae;Cutleria;Cutleria multifida
forward_vp2_CO1_348	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp2_CO1_182	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp2_CO1_1116	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia monoica
merged_vp2_CO1_416	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia eccentrica
merged_vp2_CO1_1095	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Protoachlya;Protoachlya paradoxa
merged_vp2_CO1_1098	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Newbya;Newbya spinosa
merged_vp2_CO1_1422	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Leptolegnia;Leptolegnia sp. BOLD:AAX5717
merged_vp2_CO1_429	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;Achlya hypogyna
merged_vp2_CO1_90	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;Achlya flagellata
merged_vp2_CO1_1045	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;Achlya bisexualis
merged_vp2_CO1_819	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Salispina;Salispina spinosa
merged_vp2_CO1_286	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium yorkensis
merged_vp2_CO1_1321	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium terrestris
merged_vp2_CO1_782	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. JJC-2018a
forward_vp2_CO1_78	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
forward_vp2_CO1_357	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
forward_vp2_CO1_453	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp2_CO1_118	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp2_CO1_705	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011a
forward_vp2_CO1_438	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. AL-2010
merged_vp2_CO1_1412	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium schmitthenneri
merged_vp2_CO1_941	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium plurisporium
merged_vp2_CO1_423	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium oopapillum
merged_vp2_CO1_228	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium multisporum
merged_vp2_CO1_1206	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium irregulare
merged_vp2_CO1_1183	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium helicandrum
merged_vp2_CO1_679	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium cederbergense
merged_vp2_CO1_1126	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium adhaerens
forward_vp2_CO1_117	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_52	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_303	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_326	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_632	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_179	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp2_CO1_448	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp2_CO1_1145	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp2_CO1_1372	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium montanum
merged_vp2_CO1_1416	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium litorale
merged_vp2_CO1_585	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium boreale
merged_vp2_CO1_113	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium paroecandrum
merged_vp2_CO1_702	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium acanthophoron
merged_vp2_CO1_78	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora tentaculata
forward_vp2_CO1_124	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
forward_vp2_CO1_486	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
forward_vp2_CO1_676	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
forward_vp2_CO1_864	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora taxon Sisuluriver
merged_vp2_CO1_250	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sulawesiensis
forward_vp2_CO1_689	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. 2 EEO-2011
forward_vp2_CO1_708	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora parsiana
merged_vp2_CO1_1423	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora morindae
forward_vp2_CO1_362	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora insolita
merged_vp2_CO1_259	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora heveae
merged_vp2_CO1_350	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora drechsleri
forward_vp2_CO1_687	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora capsici
merged_vp2_CO1_459	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora cajani
merged_vp2_CO1_1037	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora bisheria
merged_vp2_CO1_837	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora aquimorbida
forward_vp2_CO1_954	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Peronospora;Peronospora tomentosa
merged_vp2_CO1_1405	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Peronospora;Peronospora sherardiae
merged_vp2_CO1_1473	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Peronospora;Peronospora ervi
merged_vp2_CO1_650	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Hyaloperonospora;Hyaloperonospora nasturtii-aquatici
merged_vp2_CO1_1282	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Hyaloperonospora;Hyaloperonospora nasturtii-aquatici
forward_vp2_CO1_303	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Calycofera;Calycofera cryptica
merged_vp2_CO1_802	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;NA;NA;Haptoglossa;Haptoglossa sp. DM2 4/12
forward_vp2_CO1_418	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Leptomitales;NA;Apodachlya;Apodachlya minima
merged_vp2_CO1_987	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Leptomitales;NA;Apodachlya;Apodachlya minima
merged_vp2_CO1_587	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;Lagenidiaceae;Lagenidium;Lagenidium sp. DAOM 242348
merged_vp2_CO1_648	Eukaryota;NA;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;Lagenidiaceae;Lagenidium;Lagenidium caudatum
merged_vp2_CO1_894	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Physariida;Didymiaceae;Didymium;Didymium minus
merged_vp2_CO1_907	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera kereti
merged_vp2_CO1_851	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp2_CO1_1215	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp2_CO1_1436	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera expectata
merged_vp2_CO1_1041	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp2_CO1_1299	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
forward_vp2_CO1_42	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
forward_vp2_CO1_530	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
forward_vp2_CO1_875	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
forward_vp2_CO1_877	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Vannellidae;Clydonella;Clydonella sawyeri
merged_vp2_CO1_1476	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Neoparamoeba;Neoparamoeba longipodia
merged_vp2_CO1_609	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp2_CO1_1454	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Paramoebidae;Cunea;Cunea thuwala
merged_vp2_CO1_1430	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Malawimonadidae;Malawimonas;Malawimonas sp. strain 249
merged_vp2_CO1_841	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Vermamoeba;Vermamoeba vermiformis
merged_vp2_CO1_1092	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Vermamoeba;Vermamoeba vermiformis
merged_vp2_CO1_829	Eukaryota;NA;NA;NA;Hartmannellidae;Hartmannella;Hartmannella cantabrigiensis
merged_vp2_CO1_1219	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_740	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba comandoni
merged_vp2_CO1_489	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba byersi
merged_vp2_CO1_1387	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba byersi
forward_vp2_CO1_165	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
forward_vp2_CO1_327	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
forward_vp2_CO1_406	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
forward_vp2_CO1_572	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
merged_vp2_CO1_69	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium sp. SG-2014
merged_vp2_CO1_565	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp2_CO1_818	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp2_CO1_1097	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium larifeili
merged_vp2_CO1_912	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium kieliense
merged_vp2_CO1_985	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium kieliense
merged_vp2_CO1_335	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Choanoflagellida;Salpingoecidae;Monosiga;Monosiga brevicollis
merged_vp2_CO1_407	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Choanoflagellida;Salpingoecidae;Monosiga;Monosiga brevicollis
merged_vp2_CO1_956	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Choanoflagellida;Salpingoecidae;Monosiga;Monosiga brevicollis
merged_vp2_CO1_1306	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Choanoflagellida;Salpingoecidae;Monosiga;Monosiga brevicollis
merged_vp2_CO1_1021	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Cercomonadida;Cercomonadidae;Paracercomonas;Paracercomonas marina
forward_vp2_CO1_6	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_28	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_53	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_84	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_146	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_219	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_227	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_228	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_231	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_281	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_322	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_337	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_590	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_601	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_602	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_620	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_674	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
forward_vp2_CO1_704	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_7	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_49	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_161	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_351	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_633	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_1121	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Bicosoecida;Cafeteriaceae;Cafeteria;Cafeteria roenbergensis
merged_vp2_CO1_884	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Arcellinida;Hyalospheniidae;Nebela;Nebela flabellulum
merged_vp2_CO1_1208	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Arcellinida;Hyalospheniidae;Certesella;Certesella martiali
merged_vp2_CO1_947	Eukaryota;NA;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
merged_vp2_CO1_1286	Eukaryota;NA;Haptophyceae;Pavlovales;Pavlovaceae;Diacronema;Diacronema vlkianum
merged_vp2_CO1_301	Eukaryota;NA;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;Nannochloropsis granulata
merged_vp2_CO1_960	Eukaryota;NA;Eustigmatophyceae;Eustigmatales;Monodopsidaceae;Nannochloropsis;Nannochloropsis granulata
merged_vp2_CO1_1111	Eukaryota;NA;Dictyochophyceae;Pedinellales;NA;Pseudopedinella;Pseudopedinella elastica
merged_vp2_CO1_195	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;Segregatospumella;Segregatospumella sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_366	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;Segregatospumella;Segregatospumella dracosaxi
forward_vp2_CO1_741	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Chrysophyceae sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_304	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Chrysophyceae sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_592	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Chrysophyceae sp.
forward_vp2_CO1_247	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
forward_vp2_CO1_982	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_147	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_173	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_245	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_323	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_764	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_1089	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Paraphysomonadaceae;Paraphysomonas;Paraphysomonas sp.
forward_vp2_CO1_659	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_257	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_80	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_222	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_570	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_1101	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_1193	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_1235	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_1357	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_1469	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_229	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_386	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_806	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Dinobryon;Dinobryon sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_1049	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sp. JBM19
merged_vp2_CO1_1062	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sp. 9-20-C4
forward_vp2_CO1_73	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_410	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_636	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_739	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_740	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_753	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
forward_vp2_CO1_765	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_61	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_151	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_211	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_342	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_602	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_886	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_892	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_1019	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_1251	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_1388	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella sinomuralis
merged_vp2_CO1_377	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp2_CO1_451	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp2_CO1_793	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp2_CO1_839	Eukaryota;NA;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;Pedospumella encystans
merged_vp2_CO1_470	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Stylommatophora;Helicidae;Liburnica;Liburnica setosa
merged_vp2_CO1_1172	Eukaryota;Mollusca;Gastropoda;Nudibranchia;Goniodorididae;Trapania;Trapania hispalensis
merged_vp2_CO1_974	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Chaetonotus;Chaetonotus sp. 1 TK-2012
merged_vp2_CO1_1342	Eukaryota;Gastrotricha;NA;Chaetonotida;Chaetonotidae;Chaetonotus;Chaetonotus cf. similis TK230
merged_vp2_CO1_681	Eukaryota;Euglenida;NA;Euglenales;Phacaceae;Phacus;Phacus pleuronectes
reverse_vp2_CO1_6	Eukaryota;Echinodermata;Ophiuroidea;Ophiurida;Ophiactidae;Ophiopholis;Ophiopholis aculeata
merged_vp2_CO1_484	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Cryptomonadaceae;Cryptomonas;Cryptomonas curvata
merged_vp2_CO1_798	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Cryptomonadaceae;Cryptomonas;Cryptomonas curvata
merged_vp2_CO1_1136	Eukaryota;Colponemidia;;;;Colponema;Colponema vietnamica
merged_vp2_CO1_859	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Rhizophysidae;Rhizophysa;Rhizophysa eysenhardti
merged_vp2_CO1_284	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Prayidae;Praya;Praya reticulata
merged_vp2_CO1_1102	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Siphonophorae;Apolemiidae;Apolemia;
forward_vp2_CO1_158	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Sertulariidae;Fraseroscyphus;Fraseroscyphus hozawai
merged_vp2_CO1_1244	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Campanulariidae;Obelia;Obelia dichotoma
merged_vp2_CO1_138	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Campanulariidae;Obelia;
reverse_vp2_CO1_21	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;Aequoreidae;Aequorea;
merged_vp2_CO1_260	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Leptothecata;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_389	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Zancleidae;Zanclea;Zanclea implexa
forward_vp2_CO1_912	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Zancleidae;Zanclea;
merged_vp2_CO1_1277	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Pennariidae;Pennaria;Pennaria disticha
merged_vp2_CO1_101	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Pandeidae;Leuckartiara;Leuckartiara sp. PS-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_400	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Oceaniidae;Turritopsis;Turritopsis lata
merged_vp2_CO1_880	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;Oceaniidae;Turritopsis;Turritopsis lata
merged_vp2_CO1_849	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;Anthoathecata;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_707	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_643	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_715	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_814	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1222	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1328	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1456	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;Hydrozoa;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1356	Eukaryota;Cnidaria;;;;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_221	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_266	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_284	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_289	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_413	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_414	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_433	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_434	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_435	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_588	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_622	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_678	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_680	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_691	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_779	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
forward_vp2_CO1_884	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_CO1_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_CO1_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_CO1_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_CO1_1455	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
merged_vp2_CO1_1475	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;
reverse_vp2_CO1_9	Eukaryota;Chordata;;Squamata;Dactyloidae;Anolis;Anolis aeneus
reverse_vp2_CO1_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_461	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella sp. MBTD-CMFRI-S026
merged_vp2_CO1_766	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella sp. ArM0029B
merged_vp2_CO1_1284	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;Chlorella heliozoae
forward_vp2_CO1_937	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;
merged_vp2_CO1_273	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Chlorella;
merged_vp2_CO1_548	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp2_CO1_993	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp2_CO1_1336	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp2_CO1_1385	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix minuta
merged_vp2_CO1_635	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Dolichomastigaceae;Dolichomastix;Dolichomastix tenuilepis
forward_vp2_CO1_579	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
forward_vp2_CO1_781	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp2_CO1_105	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp2_CO1_559	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
merged_vp2_CO1_328	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Neochloridaceae;Neochloris;Neochloris aquatica
merged_vp2_CO1_777	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
merged_vp2_CO1_1133	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
merged_vp2_CO1_483	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
merged_vp2_CO1_625	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Gonium;Gonium pectorale
forward_vp2_CO1_10	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_38	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_45	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_59	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_65	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_72	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_110	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_115	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_119	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_128	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_138	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_173	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_178	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_194	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_198	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_200	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_230	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_232	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_236	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_243	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_246	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_268	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_275	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_279	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_292	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_368	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_373	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_412	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_439	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_458	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_462	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_471	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_475	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_476	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_477	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_483	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_484	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_494	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_508	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_612	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_618	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_619	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_675	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_688	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_705	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_706	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_734	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_743	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_763	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_773	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_797	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_808	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_CO1_826	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_5	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_32	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_38	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_53	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_110	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_370	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_380	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_457	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_478	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_569	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_812	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_856	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_994	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1027	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1032	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1060	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1108	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1151	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_CO1_1156	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas moewusii
merged_vp2_CO1_363	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas incerta
merged_vp2_CO1_1334	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;
merged_vp2_CO1_1214	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1123	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Ustilaginomycetes;Ustilaginales;Ustilaginaceae;Sporisorium;Sporisorium scitamineum
merged_vp2_CO1_902	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Tremellomycetes;Tremellales;Cryptococcaceae;Cryptococcus;Cryptococcus neoformans
merged_vp2_CO1_189	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Malasseziomycetes;Malasseziales;Malasseziaceae;Malassezia;Malassezia globosa
merged_vp2_CO1_937	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Thelephorales;Thelephoraceae;Thelephora;Thelephora ganbajun
merged_vp2_CO1_770	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Psathyrellaceae;Psathyrella;Psathyrella candolleana
merged_vp2_CO1_617	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;Pleurotus ostreatus
merged_vp2_CO1_699	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;Pleurotus ostreatus
forward_vp2_CO1_616	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;Pleurotus citrinopileatus
merged_vp2_CO1_349	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp2_CO1_361	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp2_CO1_567	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
merged_vp2_CO1_1257	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Pleurotaceae;Pleurotus;
forward_vp2_CO1_294	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;Agaricales;Cortinariaceae;Cortinarius;Cortinarius sp. TRTC155651
forward_vp2_CO1_660	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_923	Eukaryota;Basidiomycota;Agaricomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1418	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Mediophyceae;Lithodesmiales;Lithodesmiaceae;Ditylum;Ditylum brightwellii
merged_vp2_CO1_853	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Fragilariophyceae;Fragilariales;Fragilariaceae;Grammonema;Grammonema striatula
merged_vp2_CO1_1007	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Fragilariophyceae;Fragilariales;Fragilariaceae;Asterionellopsis;Asterionellopsis guyunusae
merged_vp2_CO1_1229	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Fragilariophyceae;Fragilariales;Fragilariaceae;Asterionellopsis;Asterionellopsis guyunusae
merged_vp2_CO1_899	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Coscinodiscophyceae;Thalassiosirales;Skeletonemataceae;Skeletonema;
forward_vp2_CO1_848	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Coscinodiscophyceae;Melosirales;Melosiraceae;Melosira;Melosira ambiqua
merged_vp2_CO1_298	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Coscinodiscophyceae;Melosirales;Melosiraceae;Melosira;Melosira ambiqua
forward_vp2_CO1_672	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Sellaphoraceae;Sellaphora;Sellaphora pupula
merged_vp2_CO1_517	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Sellaphoraceae;Sellaphora;Sellaphora pupula
merged_vp2_CO1_1197	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia subanglica
merged_vp2_CO1_1351	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia sp. 9 CS-2011
merged_vp2_CO1_1035	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_760	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;Pinnularia acrosphaeria
merged_vp2_CO1_673	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Pinnulariaceae;Pinnularia;
merged_vp2_CO1_265	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_750	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_759	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_969	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_1030	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_1332	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Mayamaea;Mayamaea permitis
merged_vp2_CO1_1438	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Naviculaceae;Fistulifera;Fistulifera pelliculosa
merged_vp2_CO1_817	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_262	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_518	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_544	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_919	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_955	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_977	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_1288	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_1398	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_CO1_931	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia frustulum
merged_vp2_CO1_1226	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Sordariomycetes;Hypocreales;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_499	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Saccharomycetes;Saccharomycetales;Saccharomycetaceae;Nakaseomyces;[Candida] bracarensis
merged_vp2_CO1_435	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp2_CO1_556	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp2_CO1_736	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;NA;NA;NA;Tetracladium;Tetracladium apiense
merged_vp2_CO1_1445	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Leotiomycetes;Helotiales;NA;Rhynchosporium;Rhynchosporium orthosporum
merged_vp2_CO1_1239	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Pleosporales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1370	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Pleosporales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_747	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;Dothideomycetes;Capnodiales;Mycosphaerellaceae;Pseudocercospora;Pseudocercospora mori
merged_vp2_CO1_1216	Eukaryota;Ascomycota;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_646	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;Podocopida;Cyprididae;Eucypris;Eucypris virens
forward_vp2_CO1_273	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_665	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_856	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_935	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_119	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_226	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_621	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_783	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;Cyprididae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_850	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Ostracoda;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_46	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_85	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_106	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_141	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_142	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_204	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_233	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_248	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_295	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_320	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_386	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_429	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_497	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_644	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_655	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_656	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_668	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_685	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_692	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_699	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_709	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_747	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_770	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_771	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_775	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_784	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_785	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_786	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_787	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_788	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_789	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_790	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_872	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_899	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_906	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_933	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_934	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_979	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_93	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_188	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_311	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_546	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_614	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_1440	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Maxillopoda;Cyclopoida;NA;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_575	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Squillidae;NA;Squillidae sp. PNG-0149
merged_vp2_CO1_525	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;NA;NA;Stomatopoda sp. LPdivOTU483
forward_vp2_CO1_11	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_70	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_99	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_132	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_263	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_316	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_398	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_547	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_990	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_991	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_992	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_993	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_994	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
forward_vp2_CO1_995	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_CO1_9	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_CO1_403	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_CO1_449	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_CO1_479	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
reverse_vp2_CO1_25	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;NA;Gonodactylidae;Gonodactylus;Gonodactylus childi
merged_vp2_CO1_283	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Malacostraca;Decapoda;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_505	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Tortricidae;Rhopobota;Rhopobota naevana
merged_vp2_CO1_1344	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Lepidoptera;Gracillariidae;Phyllonorycter;Phyllonorycter stettinensis
unmerged_vp2_CO1_15	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;Encyrtidae;Encyrtus;Encyrtus eulecaniumiae
reverse_vp2_CO1_1	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_12	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hymenoptera;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1361	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Hemiptera;NA;NA;Hemiptera sp. BIOUG03768-E03
merged_vp2_CO1_830	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Ephemeroptera;Baetidae;Callibaetis;Callibaetis ferrugineus
reverse_vp2_CO1_8	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Simuliidae;Prosimulium;Prosimulium latimucro
merged_vp2_CO1_645	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;NA;NA;Diptera sp. BOLD:ACT0370
merged_vp2_CO1_1176	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Muscidae;Limnophora;Limnophora sp. BIOUG22431-F10
merged_vp2_CO1_1048	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;NA;Limoniidae sp. sc_03287
merged_vp2_CO1_896	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;NA;Chioneinae sp. BIOUG01392-F07
merged_vp2_CO1_939	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Limoniidae;NA;Chioneinae sp. BIOUG01392-F07
merged_vp2_CO1_1138	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;Scatella;Scatella sp. BIOUG01400-D05
merged_vp2_CO1_1291	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ephydridae;Hydrellia;Hydrellia griseola
merged_vp2_CO1_1085	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Drosophilidae;Leucophenga;Leucophenga sp. 7 HWC-2015
merged_vp2_CO1_1309	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Dolichopodidae;NA;Dolichopodidae sp. BBDCM983-10
merged_vp2_CO1_1399	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culiseta;Culiseta incidens
merged_vp2_CO1_860	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Culicidae;Culex;
merged_vp2_CO1_1461	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Tanytarsus;Tanytarsus sp. CNEIC2090-12
merged_vp2_CO1_266	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Tanytarsus;Tanytarsus dendyi
forward_vp2_CO1_358	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Tanytarsus;
merged_vp2_CO1_1265	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Pseudochironomus;Pseudochironomus sp. JM-2006
merged_vp2_CO1_397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Procladius;Procladius sp. BOLD-2016
merged_vp2_CO1_1319	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Procladius;Procladius sp. BOLD-2016
forward_vp2_CO1_919	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_CO1_198	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Paratanytarsus;Paratanytarsus grimmii
merged_vp2_CO1_108	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_204	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_402	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_554	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_746	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_792	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_873	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_982	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_1050	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_1246	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_551	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;NA;Chironomidae sp. BOLD:AAP3767
merged_vp2_CO1_888	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Microtendipes;Microtendipes sp. BARS_2016_77_063
merged_vp2_CO1_534	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp2_CO1_545	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp2_CO1_694	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp2_CO1_1163	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Micropsectra;Micropsectra nigripila
merged_vp2_CO1_241	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Dicrotendipes;Dicrotendipes sp. BOLD:AAN5076
merged_vp2_CO1_1267	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Dicrotendipes;Dicrotendipes sp. BOLD:AAN5076
merged_vp2_CO1_83	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. ES07
forward_vp2_CO1_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
forward_vp2_CO1_352	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
forward_vp2_CO1_385	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
forward_vp2_CO1_907	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
forward_vp2_CO1_908	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;Cricotopus sp. 7ES
merged_vp2_CO1_1087	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Cricotopus;
merged_vp2_CO1_205	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Corynoneura;Corynoneura arctica
merged_vp2_CO1_1397	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Coelotanypus;Coelotanypus sp. BACAZ-088
forward_vp2_CO1_89	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
forward_vp2_CO1_493	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
forward_vp2_CO1_658	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
forward_vp2_CO1_958	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
merged_vp2_CO1_64	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus whitseli
forward_vp2_CO1_737	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus maturus
merged_vp2_CO1_359	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus maturus
forward_vp2_CO1_223	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus frommeri
merged_vp2_CO1_129	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus frommeri
merged_vp2_CO1_318	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp2_CO1_352	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp2_CO1_439	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp2_CO1_656	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
merged_vp2_CO1_983	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus cf. decorus BOLD:AAB7030
forward_vp2_CO1_496	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;Chironomus acidophilus
forward_vp2_CO1_109	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_127	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_205	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_326	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_422	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_451	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_485	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp2_CO1_37	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp2_CO1_99	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp2_CO1_249	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp2_CO1_474	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
merged_vp2_CO1_1472	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;Chironomus;
forward_vp2_CO1_376	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_697	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_223	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_815	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_844	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1349	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Chironomidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_710	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;Culicoides;
merged_vp2_CO1_1330	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Ceratopogonidae;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_22	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;Asteromyia;Asteromyia euthamiae
merged_vp2_CO1_1363	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;Cecidomyiidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1194	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1359	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Diptera;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Scarabaeidae;Nanos;Nanos binotatus
merged_vp2_CO1_1409	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Dytiscidae;Laccophilus;Laccophilus maculosus
merged_vp2_CO1_1118	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Corylophidae;NA;Corylophidae sp. BOLD:ACD9449
merged_vp2_CO1_162	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Pidonia;Pidonia scripta
merged_vp2_CO1_490	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Pidonia;Pidonia scripta
merged_vp2_CO1_637	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;Desisa variabilis
merged_vp2_CO1_507	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;Desisa subfasciata
merged_vp2_CO1_292	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;
merged_vp2_CO1_512	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Cerambycidae;Desisa;
merged_vp2_CO1_492	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Pogonus;Pogonus riparius
merged_vp2_CO1_660	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Ophonus;Ophonus laticollis
merged_vp2_CO1_1167	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;Carabidae;Ophonus;Ophonus laticollis
merged_vp2_CO1_858	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1166	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;Coleoptera;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_394	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_745	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1006	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1177	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1220	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Insecta;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_214	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Poduromorpha;Neanuridae;Micranurida;
forward_vp2_CO1_445	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Entomobryidae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_450	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Entomobryidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_627	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Collembola;Entomobryomorpha;Entomobryidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1161	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;Moina cf. micrura 5 MEG-2013
merged_vp2_CO1_655	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;Moina cf. micrura 2 MEG-2008
merged_vp2_CO1_708	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;
merged_vp2_CO1_833	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_CO1_186	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;
merged_vp2_CO1_153	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Daphniidae;Ceriodaphnia;
merged_vp2_CO1_954	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;Chydoridae;Ovalona;Ovalona glabra
merged_vp2_CO1_1346	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Diplostraca;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_315	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anostraca;Branchinectidae;Branchinecta;Branchinecta sandiegonensis
merged_vp2_CO1_47	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
merged_vp2_CO1_208	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;NA
forward_vp2_CO1_54	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_CO1_430	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_CO1_566	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
forward_vp2_CO1_624	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Branchiopoda;Anomopoda;Moinidae;Moina;
unmerged_vp2_CO1_5	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Sarcoptiformes;Mochlozetidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1448	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ologamasidae;NA;Ologamasidae sp. CJ_1693_011_Otokiki
merged_vp2_CO1_1296	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Mesostigmata;Ascidae;Cheiroseius;
merged_vp2_CO1_1057	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Theridiidae;Theridion;Theridion hemerobium
merged_vp2_CO1_511	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;Euryattus;Euryattus bleekeri
merged_vp2_CO1_1160	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Salticidae;Carrhotus;Carrhotus sp. 2 QC-2016
forward_vp2_CO1_442	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Pisauridae;Pisaurina;Pisaurina brevipes
merged_vp2_CO1_1186	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Philodromidae;Philodromus;Philodromus buxi
merged_vp2_CO1_604	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;Gnaphosidae;Herpyllus;Herpyllus ecclesiasticus
merged_vp2_CO1_333	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;Arachnida;Araneae;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1271	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Megascolecidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_485	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Lumbricidae;Aporrectodea;Aporrectodea rosea
merged_vp2_CO1_676	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;Globulidrilus;Globulidrilus riparius
forward_vp2_CO1_573	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;Fridericia;
merged_vp2_CO1_1196	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;Enchytraeus;Enchytraeus buchholzi
merged_vp2_CO1_165	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_332	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_432	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_638	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_988	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1168	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1247	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1352	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1371	Eukaryota;Annelida;Clitellata;Haplotaxida;Enchytraeidae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1029	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_1437	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;Chattonellales;Chattonellaceae;Chattonella;Chattonella marina
merged_vp2_CO1_232	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;;;Haramonas;Haramonas dimorpha
merged_vp2_CO1_481	Eukaryota;;Raphidophyceae;;;Haramonas;Haramonas dimorpha
merged_vp2_CO1_23	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp2_CO1_30	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp2_CO1_132	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
merged_vp2_CO1_454	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Tronoella;Tronoella ryukyuana
forward_vp2_CO1_417	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
forward_vp2_CO1_752	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
merged_vp2_CO1_1054	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;Scytosiphon lomentaria
forward_vp2_CO1_584	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;
merged_vp2_CO1_463	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;Scytosiphon;
forward_vp2_CO1_202	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_276	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_280	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_631	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_632	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_742	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_778	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Scytosiphonaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_677	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Ectocarpaceae;Ectocarpus;Ectocarpus sp. 5 AP-2014
merged_vp2_CO1_961	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Ectocarpaceae;Ectocarpus;
merged_vp2_CO1_1001	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Punctaria;Punctaria latifolia
merged_vp2_CO1_1434	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Pleurocladia;Pleurocladia lacustris
merged_vp2_CO1_419	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Hecatonema;Hecatonema maculans
forward_vp2_CO1_76	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp2_CO1_121	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp2_CO1_380	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp2_CO1_509	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp2_CO1_525	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
forward_vp2_CO1_868	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;Chordaria;Chordaria flagelliformis
merged_vp2_CO1_826	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;Chordariaceae sp. 1 AP-2016
merged_vp2_CO1_412	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_659	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1368	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;Chordariaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_256	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_527	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1199	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1293	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;Ectocarpales;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_199	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp2_CO1_271	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp2_CO1_309	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
merged_vp2_CO1_100	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
merged_vp2_CO1_1396	Eukaryota;;Phaeophyceae;;;Bachelotia;Bachelotia antillarum
forward_vp2_CO1_189	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;Saprolegnia parasitica
merged_vp2_CO1_48	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;
merged_vp2_CO1_163	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Saprolegnia;
merged_vp2_CO1_933	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;Achlya bisexualis
merged_vp2_CO1_594	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
merged_vp2_CO1_693	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
merged_vp2_CO1_1170	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;Achlya;
forward_vp2_CO1_575	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_804	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_970	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_590	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_968	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Saprolegniales;Saprolegniaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_321	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium ultimum
merged_vp2_CO1_379	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium ultimum
merged_vp2_CO1_846	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium ultimum
merged_vp2_CO1_771	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sulcatum
merged_vp2_CO1_1200	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sulcatum
merged_vp2_CO1_908	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium sp. CAL-2011c
merged_vp2_CO1_1301	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;Pythium cedri
forward_vp2_CO1_397	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp2_CO1_569	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp2_CO1_941	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
forward_vp2_CO1_962	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_263	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_281	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_376	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_383	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_709	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_820	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_854	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_869	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_876	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_925	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_953	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_1465	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Pythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_70	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium vexans
merged_vp2_CO1_219	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_221	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_270	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_395	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_852	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium sp. 1 JJC-2018
merged_vp2_CO1_34	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium boreale
merged_vp2_CO1_50	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;Phytopythium boreale
forward_vp2_CO1_74	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_209	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_243	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_340	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_843	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_1411	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_1421	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Phytopythium;
merged_vp2_CO1_190	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium acanthophoron
merged_vp2_CO1_743	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;Globisporangium;Globisporangium acanthophoron
forward_vp2_CO1_286	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_466	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_649	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1447	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;Pythiaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_552	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_927	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Pythiales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1122	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. glovera
merged_vp2_CO1_331	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora sp. 'personii'
forward_vp2_CO1_719	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora ramorum
merged_vp2_CO1_98	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora nicotianae
merged_vp2_CO1_1025	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora kernoviae
merged_vp2_CO1_1175	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora kernoviae
merged_vp2_CO1_1408	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora irrigata
merged_vp2_CO1_868	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora idaei
forward_vp2_CO1_898	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;Phytophthora captiosa
forward_vp2_CO1_95	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_307	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_335	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_375	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_411	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_448	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_830	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
forward_vp2_CO1_863	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_68	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_193	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_355	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_360	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_411	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_580	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_799	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_1059	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Phytophthora;
merged_vp2_CO1_965	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Nothophytophthora;Nothophytophthora caduca
merged_vp2_CO1_728	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;Hyaloperonospora;
forward_vp2_CO1_512	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_710	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_882	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_41	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_339	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_431	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_445	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_495	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_588	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_597	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1263	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1443	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Peronosporales;Peronosporaceae;;
forward_vp2_CO1_250	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Myzocytiopsidales;Myzocytiopsidaceae;Myzocytiopsis;Myzocytiopsis sp. venatrix
forward_vp2_CO1_353	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Myzocytiopsidales;Myzocytiopsidaceae;Myzocytiopsis;Myzocytiopsis sp. venatrix
merged_vp2_CO1_1044	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Leptomitales;;Apodachlya;Apodachlya brachynema
merged_vp2_CO1_1287	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;Lagenidiales;;Paralagenidium;
forward_vp2_CO1_140	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_241	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_252	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_305	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_334	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_455	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_459	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_529	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_587	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_702	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_720	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_758	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_65	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_88	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_92	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_157	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_197	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_200	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_220	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_230	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_238	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_285	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_324	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_409	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_428	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_600	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_707	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_741	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_765	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_794	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_811	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_842	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_891	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1148	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1262	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1290	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1302	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1308	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1313	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1320	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1382	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1384	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1450	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1457	Eukaryota;;Oomycetes;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_465	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Suessiales;Suessiaceae;;
merged_vp2_CO1_642	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Suessiales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_690	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gonyaulacales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_997	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1012	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1077	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;Poteriospumella sp.
forward_vp2_CO1_748	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Dinobryaceae;Poteriospumella;
merged_vp2_CO1_630	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;
merged_vp2_CO1_1153	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;Chromulinaceae;Pedospumella;
merged_vp2_CO1_469	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_494	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;Chromulinales;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_835	Eukaryota;;Chrysophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_934	Eukaryota;;;Physariida;Didymiaceae;Didymium;
merged_vp2_CO1_1079	Eukaryota;;;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_1259	Eukaryota;;;Longamoebia;Acanthamoebidae;Acanthamoeba;Acanthamoeba sp.
merged_vp2_CO1_678	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
forward_vp2_CO1_571	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp2_CO1_251	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp2_CO1_578	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp2_CO1_781	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp2_CO1_865	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;
merged_vp2_CO1_174	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;;Parvamoeba;Parvamoeba rugata
merged_vp2_CO1_136	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp2_CO1_531	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp2_CO1_583	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp2_CO1_757	Eukaryota;;;;Vexilliferidae;Vexillifera;Vexillifera bacillipedes
merged_vp2_CO1_233	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp2_CO1_568	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
merged_vp2_CO1_796	Eukaryota;;;;Vannellidae;Paravannella;Paravannella minima
forward_vp2_CO1_39	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_51	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_63	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_69	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_137	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_156	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_162	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_175	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_212	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_253	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_341	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_377	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_420	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_446	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_515	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_516	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_517	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_535	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_546	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_663	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_669	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_694	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_851	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_852	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_910	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_939	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_940	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_942	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_CO1_971	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_2	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_13	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_18	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_57	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_81	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_95	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_102	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_117	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_127	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_139	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_150	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_199	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_217	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_218	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_240	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_261	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_276	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_278	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_290	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_306	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_365	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_368	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_372	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_421	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_422	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_442	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_472	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_499	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_504	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_510	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_529	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_549	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_579	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_581	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_589	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_596	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_601	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_629	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_664	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_687	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_780	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_823	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_824	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_845	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_875	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_878	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_885	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_901	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_905	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_948	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_963	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1020	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1042	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1086	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1106	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1112	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1137	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1142	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1198	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1202	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1203	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1205	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1218	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1232	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1242	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1249	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1289	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1295	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1303	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1317	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1340	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1360	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1364	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1419	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1444	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1459	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1468	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_5	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_23	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_CO1_24	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_CO1_1051	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rickettsiales;Rickettsiaceae;Rickettsia;Rickettsia endosymbiont of Macrolophus sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_599	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
merged_vp2_Batra_724	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
merged_vp2_Batra_1063	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Zygnema;Zygnema circumcarinatum
merged_vp2_Batra_1288	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Zygnematales;Zygnemataceae;Spirogyra;Spirogyra maxima
merged_vp2_Batra_219	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
merged_vp2_Batra_811	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1371	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Zygnemophyceae;Desmidiales;Desmidiaceae;Cosmarium;Cosmarium botrytis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_356	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;NA;Santalales;Loranthaceae;Helixanthera;Helixanthera kirkii
merged_vp2_Batra_963	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;NA;Pinales;Pinaceae;Pinus;Pinus luchuensis
merged_vp2_Batra_901	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;NA;Ericales;Sladeniaceae;Sladenia;Sladenia celastrifolia
forward_vp2_Batra_435	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;NA;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;Erigeron bellidiastrum
merged_vp2_Batra_420	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Lycopodiopsida;Isoetales;Isoetaceae;Isoetes;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1366	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Lycopodiopsida;Isoetales;Isoetaceae;Isoetes;
forward_vp2_Batra_42	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
forward_vp2_Batra_498	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
merged_vp2_Batra_21	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
unmerged_vp2_Batra_336	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
unmerged_vp2_Batra_358	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;Cannaceae;Canna;Canna indica
unmerged_vp2_Batra_360	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Zingiberales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1276	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Thurniaceae;Thurnia;Thurnia sphaerocephala
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1236	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Restionaceae;Centrolepis;Centrolepis monogyna
merged_vp2_Batra_814	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;Oryza;Oryza sativa
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1295	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1296	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Poaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1399	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Poales;Cyperaceae;Cyperus;Cyperus alternifolius
forward_vp2_Batra_268	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;Asparagales;Iridaceae;Iris;Iris gatesii
merged_vp2_Batra_893	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1383	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Liliopsida;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_656	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
merged_vp2_Batra_948	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1333	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;Klebsormidiophyceae;Klebsormidiales;Klebsormidiaceae;Klebsormidium;Klebsormidium flaccidum
merged_vp2_Batra_561	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Pinales;Pinaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_331	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Myrtales;Onagraceae;Oenothera;
forward_vp2_Batra_253	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
merged_vp2_Batra_164	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1322	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Geraniales;Geraniaceae;Erodium;
merged_vp2_Batra_622	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_335	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_337	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_357	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;Erigeron;
merged_vp2_Batra_682	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;Asterales;Asteraceae;;
forward_vp2_Batra_297	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_309	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_401	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_139	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_145	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_179	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_188	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_337	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_338	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_441	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_550	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_613	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_621	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_629	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_872	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1246	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_38	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_120	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_351	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_352	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_353	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_361	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_362	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1364	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1365	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1367	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1368	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1369	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1370	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1372	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1373	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1374	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1375	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1378	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1380	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1381	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2054	Eukaryota;Streptophyta;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1326	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;Ceramiales;Ceramiaceae;Euptilota;Euptilota formosissima
merged_vp2_Batra_238	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_363	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Florideophyceae;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_352	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Porphyridiales;Porphyridiaceae;Porphyridium;
merged_vp2_Batra_235	Eukaryota;Rhodophyta;Bangiophyceae;Porphyridiales;Porphyridiaceae;Porphyridium;
merged_vp2_Batra_493	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Stichotrichida;Spirofilidae;Stichotricha;Stichotricha aculeata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1153	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Stichotrichida;Spirofilidae;Stichotricha;Stichotricha aculeata
merged_vp2_Batra_451	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Stylonychia;Stylonychia lemnae
merged_vp2_Batra_477	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;Hemiurosomoida;Hemiurosomoida longa
merged_vp2_Batra_327	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1187	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1188	Eukaryota;NA;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria sp. bBoG1
forward_vp2_Batra_28	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp2_Batra_364	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp2_Batra_385	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp2_Batra_507	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_15	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_116	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_360	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_364	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_374	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_409	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_443	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_474	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_576	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_718	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_732	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
reverse_vp2_Batra_32	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_414	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1157	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1158	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1161	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1162	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1163	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1164	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1165	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1167	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1168	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1171	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1172	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1174	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1175	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1176	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1178	Eukaryota;NA;Prostomatea;Prorodontida;Plagiocampidae;Plagiocampa;Plagiocampa sp.
forward_vp2_Batra_299	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
merged_vp2_Batra_195	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
unmerged_vp2_Batra_673	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
unmerged_vp2_Batra_674	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1488	Eukaryota;NA;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Phascolodon;Phascolodon vorticella
merged_vp2_Batra_668	Eukaryota;NA;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Loxocephalidae;Cardiostomatella;Cardiostomatella vermiformis
merged_vp2_Batra_788	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Tritrichomonadida;Tritrichomonadidae;Tritrichomonas;Tritrichomonas augusta
unmerged_vp2_Batra_769	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Tritrichomonadida;Tritrichomonadidae;Tritrichomonas;Tritrichomonas augusta
merged_vp2_Batra_744	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
merged_vp2_Batra_969	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Plasmodiophorida;Plasmodiophoridae;Spongospora;Spongospora subterranea
merged_vp2_Batra_417	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_653	Eukaryota;NA;NA;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
merged_vp2_Batra_673	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
merged_vp2_Batra_719	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
merged_vp2_Batra_1032	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
unmerged_vp2_Batra_705	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;NA;NA;NA;Dinophyceae sp. Lucy-3
merged_vp2_Batra_696	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp2_Batra_941	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp2_Batra_1211	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp2_Batra_1294	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp2_Batra_1381	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
unmerged_vp2_Batra_692	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
unmerged_vp2_Batra_886	Eukaryota;NA;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Lepidodinium;Lepidodinium viride
merged_vp2_Batra_610	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Woodruffiidae;Kuklikophrya;Kuklikophrya ougandae
merged_vp2_Batra_935	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Pseudocyrtolophosis;Pseudocyrtolophosis alpestris
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1194	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Pseudocyrtolophosis;Pseudocyrtolophosis alpestris
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1195	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Pseudocyrtolophosis;Pseudocyrtolophosis alpestris
merged_vp2_Batra_972	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Cyrtolophosis;Cyrtolophosis mucicola
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1196	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Cyrtolophosis;Cyrtolophosis mucicola
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1198	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Cyrtolophosidida;Cyrtolophosididae;Cyrtolophosis;Cyrtolophosis mucicola
merged_vp2_Batra_286	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_710	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1192	Eukaryota;NA;Colpodea;Bryometopida;Kreyellidae;Microdiaphanosoma;Microdiaphanosoma arcuatum
reverse_vp2_Batra_46	Eukaryota;Mucoromycota;Glomeromycetes;Glomerales;Glomeraceae;Glomus;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_8	Eukaryota;Euglenida;NA;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
forward_vp2_Batra_53	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
merged_vp2_Batra_27	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_9	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena splendens
forward_vp2_Batra_161	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
merged_vp2_Batra_45	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
reverse_vp2_Batra_102	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1307	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1308	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1309	Eukaryota;Euglenida;;Euglenales;Euglenaceae;Euglena;Euglena clara
forward_vp2_Batra_68	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
forward_vp2_Batra_412	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_30	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_375	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_385	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_436	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_445	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_540	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_633	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_919	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_1043	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_107	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_109	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_110	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_111	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_112	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_114	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_116	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_117	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_303	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_317	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_321	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_322	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_719	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
unmerged_vp2_Batra_720	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;NA;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;Goniomonas sp. SH-8
merged_vp2_Batra_488	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_856	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1321	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Pyrenomonadales;Chroomonadaceae;Chroomonas;
forward_vp2_Batra_291	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_79	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_463	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_504	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_567	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_968	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_1005	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_1331	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_106	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_323	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_324	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_326	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_327	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_328	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_329	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_334	Eukaryota;Cryptophyta;;Cryptomonadales;Goniomonadaceae;Goniomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_196	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
merged_vp2_Batra_956	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Pan;Pan troglodytes
forward_vp2_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_50	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_71	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_85	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_86	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_89	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_92	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_115	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_134	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_135	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_138	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_143	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_154	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_155	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_157	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_158	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_162	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_166	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_170	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_172	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_173	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_175	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_181	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_189	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_193	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_196	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_198	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_199	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_200	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_202	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_205	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_226	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_245	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_247	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_263	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_271	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_275	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_276	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_279	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_289	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_313	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_327	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_329	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_330	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_332	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_355	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_358	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_362	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_368	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_391	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_396	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_406	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_408	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_409	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_410	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_417	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_419	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_420	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_453	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_454	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_485	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_509	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_515	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_536	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_541	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_547	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_561	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_39	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_82	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_110	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_138	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_194	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_214	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_250	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_259	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
merged_vp2_Batra_295	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_3	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_7	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_24	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_28	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_50	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_68	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_72	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_74	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
reverse_vp2_Batra_90	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_13	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_18	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_22	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_23	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_29	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_32	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_42	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_43	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_51	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_53	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_76	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_77	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_96	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_97	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_105	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_115	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_118	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_181	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_282	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_305	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_307	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_310	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_330	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_339	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_343	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_349	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_366	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_370	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_380	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_394	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_425	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_439	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_631	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_632	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_644	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_648	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_651	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_656	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_657	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_739	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_753	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_765	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_772	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_791	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_800	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_803	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_817	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_826	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_860	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_872	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_877	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_884	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_901	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_937	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1032	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1101	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1129	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1203	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1210	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1224	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1231	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1232	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1238	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1248	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1255	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1279	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1303	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1314	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1315	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1316	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1319	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1426	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1460	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1461	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1462	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1469	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1476	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1492	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1681	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1682	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1686	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1687	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1688	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1689	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1693	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1694	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1695	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1697	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1698	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1700	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1701	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1706	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1708	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1717	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1720	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1722	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1723	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1724	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1725	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1726	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1728	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1732	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1734	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1735	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1736	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1737	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1738	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1739	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1740	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1742	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1746	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1748	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1750	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1751	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1753	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1756	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1757	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1758	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1761	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1764	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1781	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1783	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1787	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1792	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1797	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1799	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1802	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1811	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1812	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1816	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1818	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1819	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1822	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1833	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1846	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1852	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1855	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1871	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1877	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1881	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1921	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1936	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1943	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1945	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1946	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1951	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1956	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1958	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1963	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1964	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1968	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1973	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1975	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1981	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2003	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2010	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2043	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2046	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2114	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2133	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2135	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2159	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Homo;Homo sapiens
forward_vp2_Batra_171	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;Gorilla;Gorilla gorilla
forward_vp2_Batra_131	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;;
forward_vp2_Batra_184	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_93	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Hominidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_517	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Cercopithecidae;Papio;Papio anubis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1485	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Primates;Cercopithecidae;Papio;Papio anubis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1765	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Lagomorpha;Leporidae;Sylvilagus;Sylvilagus audubonii
merged_vp2_Batra_666	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
merged_vp2_Batra_1122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1680	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;Carnivora;Canidae;Canis;Canis lupus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1679	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Sus;Sus scrofa
reverse_vp2_Batra_54	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Phacochoerus;Phacochoerus africanus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1771	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Suidae;Phacochoerus;Phacochoerus africanus
merged_vp2_Batra_1069	Eukaryota;Chordata;Mammalia;;Bovidae;Bos;Bos taurus
forward_vp2_Batra_237	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
merged_vp2_Batra_72	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1864	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1865	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1866	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Pelecaniformes;Ardeidae;Nycticorax;Nycticorax nycticorax
merged_vp2_Batra_213	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;Fringillidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_747	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;Fringillidae;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_107	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;Fringillidae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1769	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;Fringillidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_533	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_34	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_109	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1253	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Passeriformes;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_204	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Meleagris;Meleagris gallopavo
merged_vp2_Batra_528	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Meleagris;Meleagris gallopavo
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1766	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Meleagris;Meleagris gallopavo
forward_vp2_Batra_260	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Batra_117	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1860	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1862	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1863	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Galliformes;Phasianidae;Gallus;Gallus gallus
merged_vp2_Batra_992	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Columbiformes;Columbidae;Streptopelia;Streptopelia decaocto
merged_vp2_Batra_382	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Columbiformes;Columbidae;Columba;Columba livia
merged_vp2_Batra_356	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Charadriiformes;Scolopacidae;Gallinago;Gallinago gallinago
forward_vp2_Batra_530	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;Anas;
merged_vp2_Batra_229	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;Anas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1767	Eukaryota;Chordata;Aves;Anseriformes;Anatidae;Anas;
reverse_vp2_Batra_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Rhacophoridae;Polypedates;Polypedates cruciger
forward_vp2_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_5	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_11	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_13	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_15	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_19	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_24	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_27	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_30	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_32	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_38	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_40	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_41	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_43	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_44	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_45	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_46	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_49	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_54	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_55	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_58	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_59	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_62	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_63	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_64	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_67	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_69	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_72	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_73	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_77	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_79	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_82	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_84	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_87	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_88	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_90	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_101	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_102	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_105	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_111	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_113	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_114	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_118	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_119	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_133	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_136	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_137	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_140	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_142	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_147	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_150	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_151	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_152	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_153	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_156	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_159	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_160	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_163	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_169	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_177	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_178	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_179	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_180	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_182	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_192	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_194	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_201	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_215	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_219	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_220	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_222	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_223	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_224	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_225	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_227	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_230	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_231	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_239	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_241	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_244	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_257	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_258	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_262	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_267	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_269	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_270	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_272	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_273	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_274	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_286	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_311	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_318	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_331	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_340	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_356	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_371	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_384	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_386	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_395	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_433	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_438	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_441	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_448	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_457	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_458	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_459	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_477	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_480	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_493	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_497	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_511	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_531	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_537	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_542	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_550	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_565	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_190	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_246	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_320	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_526	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
merged_vp2_Batra_590	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_23	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_30	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_36	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_44	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_47	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_51	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_60	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_63	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_71	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_95	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_97	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_104	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_108	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_110	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_111	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_121	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_128	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
reverse_vp2_Batra_130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_10	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_12	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_17	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_20	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_25	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_28	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_31	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_34	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_35	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_38	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_44	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_48	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_50	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_56	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_68	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_75	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_84	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_91	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_99	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_101	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_119	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_121	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_126	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_131	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_144	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_154	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_157	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_169	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_177	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_180	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_203	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_212	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_219	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_236	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_248	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_281	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_290	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_295	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_304	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_309	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_333	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_338	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_341	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_346	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_347	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_367	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_369	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_379	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_385	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_423	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_430	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_438	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_520	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_531	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_567	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_573	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_614	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_630	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_633	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_637	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_641	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_643	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_645	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_646	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_647	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_650	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_654	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_655	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_658	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_672	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_702	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_704	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_713	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_737	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_743	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_744	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_745	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_747	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_750	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_752	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_754	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_757	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_760	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_764	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_767	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_771	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_773	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_779	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_786	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_790	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_799	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_802	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_816	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_819	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_824	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_847	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_855	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_859	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_862	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_866	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_869	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_870	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_873	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_878	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_882	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_885	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_900	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_906	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_916	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_919	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_936	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_951	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_986	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1018	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1031	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1037	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1050	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1056	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1072	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1120	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1128	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1130	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1150	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1202	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1205	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1206	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1208	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1211	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1213	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1216	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1217	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1222	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1226	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1230	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1233	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1235	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1237	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1242	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1247	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1254	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1264	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1265	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1266	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1269	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1270	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1271	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1272	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1274	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1277	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1278	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1280	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1284	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1289	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1297	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1298	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1304	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1305	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1313	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1318	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1325	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1330	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1331	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1332	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1334	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1337	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1340	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1384	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1386	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1389	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1406	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1408	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1415	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1416	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1419	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1422	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1423	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1425	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1430	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1457	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1459	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1463	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1464	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1466	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1474	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1477	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1481	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1484	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1486	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1491	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1493	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1494	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1495	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1496	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1497	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1498	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1500	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1504	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1507	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1518	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1520	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1521	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1522	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1523	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1524	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1530	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1532	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1534	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1535	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1536	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1537	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1538	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1539	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1540	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1541	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1542	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1543	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1550	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1551	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1553	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1555	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1560	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1561	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1563	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1564	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1566	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1567	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1568	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1569	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1571	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1572	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1574	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1576	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1577	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1578	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1579	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1580	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1581	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1582	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1583	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1585	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1586	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1590	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1592	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1594	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1595	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1596	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1597	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1598	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1599	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1600	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1602	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1603	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1604	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1605	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1606	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1607	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1608	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1610	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1611	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1612	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1613	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1614	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1615	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1616	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1617	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1621	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1622	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1624	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1625	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1626	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1627	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1628	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1629	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1630	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1631	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1632	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1634	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1635	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1636	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1638	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1639	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1640	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1641	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1642	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1643	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1644	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1645	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1646	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1647	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1648	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1649	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1650	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1653	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1654	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1655	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1656	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1657	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1658	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1659	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1660	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1661	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1663	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1664	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1665	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1668	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1669	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1671	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1672	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1673	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1676	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1677	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1683	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1763	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1772	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1773	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1784	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1786	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1789	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1790	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1791	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1793	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1794	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1801	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1820	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1821	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1825	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1826	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1827	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1828	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1830	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1831	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1832	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1836	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1838	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1841	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1845	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1849	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1854	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1856	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1868	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1870	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1873	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1874	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1876	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1878	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1880	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1882	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1884	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1885	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1886	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1888	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1911	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1915	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1919	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1920	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1926	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1929	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1931	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1932	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1933	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1934	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1935	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1938	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1939	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1940	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1942	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1948	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1949	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1953	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1954	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1955	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1957	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1959	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1961	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1962	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1965	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1966	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1967	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1969	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1974	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1976	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1982	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1985	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1987	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1988	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1992	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1995	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1999	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2002	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2006	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2008	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2011	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2012	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2013	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2017	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2021	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2037	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2040	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2044	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2048	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2053	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2056	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2060	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2066	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2067	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2068	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2069	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2071	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2084	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2100	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2102	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2106	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2107	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2108	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2112	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2113	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2115	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2117	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2118	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2120	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2123	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2125	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2127	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2131	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2132	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2134	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2139	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2140	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2145	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2147	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2149	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2153	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2154	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2156	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2157	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2158	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea hammondii
forward_vp2_Batra_98	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp2_Batra_106	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp2_Batra_141	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp2_Batra_349	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp2_Batra_490	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_1	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_10	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_15	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_16	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_33	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_59	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_65	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_89	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_91	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_94	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_96	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_99	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_101	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_105	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_113	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_116	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_124	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
reverse_vp2_Batra_127	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Pelobatidae;Spea;Spea bombifrons
forward_vp2_Batra_23	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp2_Batra_367	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
forward_vp2_Batra_516	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
merged_vp2_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1857	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1858	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1859	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Hylidae;Pseudacris;Pseudacris regilla
merged_vp2_Batra_429	Eukaryota;Chordata;Amphibia;Anura;Bufonidae;Anaxyrus;Anaxyrus boreas
forward_vp2_Batra_238	Eukaryota;Chordata;Actinopteri;Cyprinodontiformes;NA;Laimosemion;Laimosemion tecminae
reverse_vp2_Batra_18	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_21	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2055	Eukaryota;Chordata;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1356	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Prasiolales;Prasiolaceae;Prasiola;Prasiola crispa
merged_vp2_Batra_1194	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;Chlorellales;Chlorellaceae;Pseudochlorella;Pseudochlorella pringsheimii
merged_vp2_Batra_1085	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Trebouxiophyceae;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_429	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp2_Batra_319	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp2_Batra_620	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp2_Batra_1029	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp2_Batra_1348	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1363	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;Monomastix sp. OKE-1
merged_vp2_Batra_1324	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Monomastigales;Monomastigaceae;Monomastix;
forward_vp2_Batra_294	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Crustomastigaceae;Crustomastix;Crustomastix stigmatica
merged_vp2_Batra_122	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Crustomastigaceae;Crustomastix;Crustomastix stigmatica
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2005	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Mamiellophyceae;Dolichomastigales;Crustomastigaceae;Crustomastix;Crustomastix stigmatica
merged_vp2_Batra_459	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1913	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1914	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Sphaeropleales;Scenedesmaceae;Tetradesmus;Tetradesmus obliquus
forward_vp2_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_65	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_81	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_117	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_191	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_195	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_221	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_307	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_323	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_387	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_402	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_403	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_426	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_427	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_430	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
forward_vp2_Batra_439	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
merged_vp2_Batra_4	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
reverse_vp2_Batra_12	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_14	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_19	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_41	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_54	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_139	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_275	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_287	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_300	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_302	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_306	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_315	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_440	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_533	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_628	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_649	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_825	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1085	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1212	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1227	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1244	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1256	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1268	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1275	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1291	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1306	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1328	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1338	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1421	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1467	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1473	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1778	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1788	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1817	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1850	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1887	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1889	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1891	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1892	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1893	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1895	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1897	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1898	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1899	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1900	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1901	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1903	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1904	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1906	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1908	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1909	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1910	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1944	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1952	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1960	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2018	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2057	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2119	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2146	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2150	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2155	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;NA;NA;Spermatozopsis;Spermatozopsis exsultans
merged_vp2_Batra_334	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Volvocaceae;Yamagishiella;Yamagishiella unicocca
forward_vp2_Batra_468	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
merged_vp2_Batra_228	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
reverse_vp2_Batra_37	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_39	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_735	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_795	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1225	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1299	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1324	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1782	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1785	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1803	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1851	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1912	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1983	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2160	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Tetrabaenaceae;Tetrabaena;Tetrabaena socialis
merged_vp2_Batra_1011	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
merged_vp2_Batra_1344	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1875	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Lobochlamys;Lobochlamys culleus
forward_vp2_Batra_470	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_Batra_471	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
forward_vp2_Batra_483	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
merged_vp2_Batra_525	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
unmerged_vp2_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;Chlamydomonadaceae;Chlamydomonas;
forward_vp2_Batra_7	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_228	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_236	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_284	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_472	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_473	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_474	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_475	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_6	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_69	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_535	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_52	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_103	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_179	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_202	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_231	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_261	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_365	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_378	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_419	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_809	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1300	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1434	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1436	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1437	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1438	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1439	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1441	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1442	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1444	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1445	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1446	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1447	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1451	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1453	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1455	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1456	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1869	Eukaryota;Chlorophyta;Chlorophyceae;Chlamydomonadales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_957	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Berkeleyaceae;Berkeleya;Berkeleya fennica
merged_vp2_Batra_361	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Naviculales;Amphipleuraceae;Halamphora;Halamphora calidilacuna
merged_vp2_Batra_1405	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;Bacillariophyceae;Bacillariales;Bacillariaceae;Nitzschia;Nitzschia palea
merged_vp2_Batra_542	Eukaryota;Bacillariophyta;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_120	Eukaryota;Arthropoda;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_614	Eukaryota;;Synurophyceae;Synurales;Mallomonadaceae;Synura;Synura uvella
merged_vp2_Batra_1199	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Urostylida;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_631	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_695	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_773	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_881	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_721	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1186	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Oxytrichidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_579	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;Halteriidae;Halteria;Halteria grandinella
merged_vp2_Batra_964	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;Sporadotrichida;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_21	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_128	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_277	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_324	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_557	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_16	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_68	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_119	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_397	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_513	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_76	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1155	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1180	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1182	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1183	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1184	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1185	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1189	Eukaryota;;Spirotrichea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1103	Eukaryota;;Phyllopharyngea;Chlamydodontida;Chilodonellidae;Chilodonella;Chilodonella uncinata
merged_vp2_Batra_166	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;Philasterida;Philasteridae;Philaster;
merged_vp2_Batra_460	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1151	Eukaryota;;Oligohymenophorea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_781	Eukaryota;;Nassophorea;Microthoracida;Pseudomicrothoracidae;Pseudomicrothorax;Pseudomicrothorax dubius
merged_vp2_Batra_318	Eukaryota;;Katablepharidophyta;;Katablepharidaceae;Katablepharis;Katablepharis japonica
merged_vp2_Batra_1251	Eukaryota;;Heterotrichea;Heterotrichida;Blepharismidae;Blepharisma;
merged_vp2_Batra_1260	Eukaryota;;Heterotrichea;Heterotrichida;Blepharismidae;Blepharisma;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_413	Eukaryota;;Heterotrichea;Heterotrichida;Blepharismidae;Blepharisma;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1156	Eukaryota;;Heterotrichea;Heterotrichida;Blepharismidae;Blepharisma;
merged_vp2_Batra_855	Eukaryota;;Heterolobosea;Schizopyrenida;Vahlkampfiidae;Naegleria;Naegleria gruberi
forward_vp2_Batra_146	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
forward_vp2_Batra_183	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_70	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_78	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_236	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_275	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_402	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_554	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_770	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_780	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_1046	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
merged_vp2_Batra_1410	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_677	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_682	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_683	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_690	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_691	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
unmerged_vp2_Batra_695	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;Margalefidinium;Margalefidinium polykrikoides
forward_vp2_Batra_99	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
forward_vp2_Batra_484	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_64	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;Gymnodiniales;Gymnodiniaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_430	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;Echinidinium;Echinidinium sp. EP-2016a
merged_vp2_Batra_136	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_175	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_280	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_365	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_836	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_971	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1059	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1152	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1159	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1205	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1398	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_675	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_679	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_685	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_686	Eukaryota;;Dinophyceae;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_511	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_707	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_708	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_709	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Colpodida;Colpodidae;Colpoda;Colpoda inflata
unmerged_vp2_Batra_671	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;Bursariomorphida;Bursariidae;Bursaria;
merged_vp2_Batra_84	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_873	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1129	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1193	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1197	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1201	Eukaryota;;Colpodea;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_546	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;Caenomorpha;Caenomorpha medusula
merged_vp2_Batra_269	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;Caenomorpha;Caenomorpha medusula
forward_vp2_Batra_521	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_452	Eukaryota;;Armophorea;Armophorida;Caenomorphidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_975	Eukaryota;;;Rotaliida;Glabratellidae;Planoglabratella;Planoglabratella opercularis
merged_vp2_Batra_1090	Eukaryota;;;Hypotrichomonadida;Hypotrichomonadidae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1277	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
unmerged_vp2_Batra_652	Eukaryota;;;Himatismenida;Cochliopodiidae;Cochliopodium;Cochliopodium minus
forward_vp2_Batra_242	Eukaryota;;;;;;
forward_vp2_Batra_373	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_181	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_475	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_864	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_917	Eukaryota;;;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1360	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_55	Eukaryota;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_61	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_660	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_663	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_664	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_667	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_669	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_768	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1169	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1170	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1215	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1867	Eukaryota;;;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1424	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Xanthomonadales;Xanthomonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_878	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Thiotrichales;Thiotrichaceae;Thiomargarita;Candidatus Thiomargarita nelsonii
merged_vp2_Batra_1054	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Thiotrichales;Thiotrichaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1089	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Oceanospirillales;Oceanospirillaceae;Marinomonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1390	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Legionellales;Legionellaceae;Legionella;Legionella lytica
merged_vp2_Batra_270	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1391	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Enterobacterales;Enterobacteriaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_932	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Cellvibrionales;Cellvibrionaceae;Cellvibrio;
merged_vp2_Batra_1227	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Aeromonadales;Aeromonadaceae;Aeromonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_648	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1365	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1218	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Helicobacteraceae;Sulfuricurvum;
merged_vp2_Batra_1060	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Epsilonproteobacteria;Campylobacterales;Campylobacteraceae;Arcobacter;
merged_vp2_Batra_1291	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Deltaproteobacteria;Myxococcales;NA;NA;Myxococcales bacterium enrichment culture clone 11380
merged_vp2_Batra_1379	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Deltaproteobacteria;Myxococcales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1140	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Thiobacillaceae;Thiobacillus;Thiobacillus thioparus
merged_vp2_Batra_952	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Sterolibacteriaceae;Sulfuritalea;Sulfuritalea hydrogenivorans
merged_vp2_Batra_640	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylotenera;Methylotenera versatilis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1401	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylotenera;Methylotenera versatilis
merged_vp2_Batra_931	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Methylophilus;
merged_vp2_Batra_310	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
merged_vp2_Batra_1258	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1396	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1397	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;Candidatus Methylopumilus;Candidatus Methylopumilus turicensis
merged_vp2_Batra_912	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1400	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Nitrosomonadales;Methylophilaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1986	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Chromobacteriaceae;Jeongeupia;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1392	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Chromobacteriaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1393	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Neisseriales;Chromobacteriaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_705	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;NA;NA;NA;beta proteobacterium BP-5
merged_vp2_Batra_1349	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;NA;NA;NA;beta proteobacterium BP-5
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1398	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;NA;NA;NA;beta proteobacterium BP-5
merged_vp2_Batra_791	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Undibacterium;
merged_vp2_Batra_787	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Oxalicibacterium;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1354	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1357	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1358	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1348	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Herminiimonas;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1980	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Collimonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_348	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1353	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1355	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1356	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1359	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;;
forward_vp2_Batra_312	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Variovorax;
merged_vp2_Batra_197	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Variovorax;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1979	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Limnohabitans;
merged_vp2_Batra_660	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;Acidovorax;
merged_vp2_Batra_244	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1341	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1342	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1344	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1345	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1346	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Comamonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_667	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;Polynucleobacter cosmopolitanus
merged_vp2_Batra_287	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1405	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Polynucleobacter;
merged_vp2_Batra_981	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;Limnobacter;
merged_vp2_Batra_793	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Burkholderiaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1349	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Bordetella;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1350	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Bordetella;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1395	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Bordetella;
merged_vp2_Batra_1226	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;Basilea;Basilea psittacipulmonis
merged_vp2_Batra_423	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1402	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Alcaligenaceae;;
forward_vp2_Batra_338	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_114	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_401	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1343	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1347	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_939	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1394	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Betaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_822	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;Sphingomonas;
merged_vp2_Batra_297	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1077	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1113	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1409	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1410	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1411	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1428	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1429	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Sphingomonadales;Sphingomonadaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1231	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;Azospirillum;
merged_vp2_Batra_960	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1234	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1413	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Rhodospirillaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1118	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Acetobacteraceae;Roseococcus;Roseococcus sp. LW5
merged_vp2_Batra_1391	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodospirillales;Acetobacteraceae;Roseococcus;Roseococcus sp.
merged_vp2_Batra_986	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_991	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1038	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1254	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1339	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhodobacterales;Rhodobacteraceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_757	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;Rhizobiaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1293	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1417	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rhizobiales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1308	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1275	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_1080	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Paenibacillaceae;Paenibacillus;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1207	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Bacillaceae;Bacillus;
reverse_vp2_Batra_131	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Bacillaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_447	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_765	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
merged_vp2_Batra_885	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Synechococcales;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_66	Bacteria;Cyanobacteria;;Nostocales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1470	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;NA;NA;NA;Anaerolineae bacterium feline oral taxon 333
merged_vp2_Batra_1230	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;Thermanaerothrix;Thermanaerothrix daxensis
merged_vp2_Batra_1286	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;Longilinea;Longilinea arvoryzae
merged_vp2_Batra_891	Bacteria;Chloroflexi;Anaerolineae;Anaerolineales;Anaerolineaceae;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1471	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_2001	Bacteria;Chlamydiae;Chlamydiia;Parachlamydiales;;;
unmerged_vp2_Batra_1431	Bacteria;candidate division NC10;;;;Candidatus Methylomirabilis;
merged_vp2_Batra_1299	Bacteria;Bacteroidetes;Sphingobacteriia;Sphingobacteriales;Sphingobacteriaceae;;
merged_vp2_Batra_984	Bacteria;;;;;;
reverse_vp2_Batra_84	Bacteria;;;;;;